Just auditing this course helped me a lot in learning this language programming. Attentive save the money I will buy the rest of courses to move on. Thanks Charles Severance !! 
"The course is great for beginners, allows you to understand and work on your skills, the teacher explains very well and has a study material translated into different languages, the only problem is that the videos are not translated into Spanish. If you are Spanish speaker and you do not know English you will not be able to perform the course comfortably because not all the video feature subtitles Material Translated Into Different Languages, The Only Problem is That The Videos Are Not Translated Into Spanish. IF You Are a Spanish Speaker and Do Not Know English You Will Not Be Able To do The Course Comfortable Because Not All The Videos HAVE ENGLISH SUBTITLES. "
"It lacked absolutely any knowledge related to programming and this course has allowed me to access in a simple and very fun way to the first concepts of a computer language, so once the first 5 issues are over, at last I understand, roughly , the functioning of a program and reached to glimpse more accurately the complexity that involves the development of the necessary instructions for its proper functioning. The truth is that I die of desire to continue learning more and more, I would like to record my most sincere gratitude to people who have made this course possible and all those who have bothered to be able to facilitate the didactic material for their study. "
"An excellent course, easy to follow thanks to such didactic and comfortable explanations (color code, order ...). It makes you see from the first moment that programming is based on logical reasoning, so it has broken with the stereotype that I had ""computers = boring"" and the course has been interested every week more. I recommend it to everyone!! It seems to me that explanations take the ideal rhythm to capture the attention of novice students in the field. Personally, I have been motivated by the content and way to evaluate, and I will continue the following courses of Python for Everybody. "
"It is a very instructive course. It was my first course at Coursera and also my first programming language. The course was very good for me that I did not know anything about programming, from basic elements how to install and run the programs, and evolved until the use of the programming tools. This first course is well introductory, then for people who already know programming, I believe you should serve more to strengthen your ideas, but for beginners is very instructive. Ratings are quite didactic and problem solving are possible and fun challenges. "
"An Excellent Course, Very Clear With The Precise Information That Help Me To Understand The Issue and Learn Beyond, Thanks to The Course Material.Chuck, The Teacher, Is an Excellent Transmitter of Knowledgei Highly Recommend It.rocio ------- -------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------- An excellent course, very clear and with the precise material to understand The theme and learn more about the account.Chuck, the teacher is excellent knowledge of the knowledge I recommend it extensively. "
"Very good course! Dr. Chuck is great, very didactic. Complementary videos are incredible, they taught a lot. Making all exercises and practicing on the computer itself can fix well what was taught in the course and make applications, even if they are simple. Very good! Very Good Course! Dr. Chuck is Great, Very Didactic. The Complementary Videos Are Inredible, They Taught Lot. Doing All The Exercises and Practicing On The Computer, You Can Fix What WAS Taucht in the Course And Make Applications, Even Ify Are Simple. Very good! "
"They say that when you want to learn to schedule to read some book about the language you want to learn and practice it helps you but this course really encourages you, you motivate you in a fun way and that keeps you with that need to want to know more, The most I had written before the course was a hello world and now after course I understood how to make functions I did some for my exercises and especially I never thought that scheduling were fun, thanks for this course and all those who made it possible! "
"Best course of all. Too bad I have a bad internet, which does not have the ability to upload the videos. So I can not have access to educational matters. The Coursera is a very good website, but is dedicated only to users with fast internet, and do not give value to users with poor Internet, like mine. Therefore, I would like new modifications to be held on the site, having the ability to offer quality in videos even for users with few resources, such as the Internet. "
"Excellent, a great course with a 100% quality approach, only that it is regrettable not to enjoy the 100% course in the Spanish language since not all the content is translated, if it was possible it would be very good that they translate everything to Español as there is great demand on the part of Latin America students who want to learn high-quality courses like this. Now congratulations for the quality of the course. Greetings "
"This course is an excellent tool to understand the bases of programming in Python. The way in which the contents are presented in very good and easy to follow, and the exercises really make you understand this programming language. I recommend those who take this course that use the Atom tool, as well as the Command Prompt (mentioned in the course) for the programming and testing of the exercises. "
"The course was excellent, addressed in a very clear way, the issues found in the study book, the exercises and the questionnaires contributed greatly with my learning; But let's not forget that the most important thing is the practice, if we carry out each of the course exercises on our own, our learning is going to be much greater; And do not forget to review all the material of the course. Thanks a lot! "
"This course includes the basic fundamentals of programming in Python. Professor Charles Severance and its unique way of imparting the course, makes learning take place in a calm and pleasant way, which is based so that there is a greater understanding of the issues taught in the course. For the foregoing, I appreciate the opportunity provided which was essential to be able to end this great course. "
"Very good course, with very good content it served me a lot to review concepts that I had a little forgotten, the teacher explains very well, I loved, I will definitely follow with the next modules. Very Good Course With Very Good Content It Helped Me A Lot To Go Over Concepts That I Had A Little Forgotten. The Professor Explains Very Well I Loved It I Will Definitely Continue With The Next Modules. "
"Excellent course for all those who do not have previous knowledge in programming. Very entertaining and didactic, with a progressive degree of difficulty, but perfectly assumed. The instructor is a great teacher. He knows how to transmit and make easy the difficult. The videos of him are very unlikely. He recommend it to those who want to acquire a good base, before moving on to more advanced courses. "
"I am very happy to have worked in this course. The fexibility to perform the course at any time is very vaioous for me. Prof. Chuck is fantastic! It is the first time I can fully understand how the flow works in Python, thank you very much for the suggested and explained exercises. I highly recommend this course to everyone who wants to start with Python. "
"This has been an excellent course. Professor Dr. Chuck is a magnificent teacher who always seeks the way to motivate you with the classes of him. Python is a programming language that everyone should know because it has a lot of potential to solve very various problems. Thanks to Coursera, the University of Michigan and Dr. Chuck for giving me this opportunity. "
"Excellent initial level course to schedule in Python in particular, although many concepts can be transferred to any modern programming language. Chuck is an excellent teacher, very clear and didactic in the exhibitions of him. The course also puts a free book available to which you can resort to deepen class concepts. "
"Great course to introduce you in the world of Python. The teacher is a great professional and knows how to explain perfectly everything step by step. He had tried other Python courses before, but none had managed to explain the bases in a simple way for people who did not have any experience in programming. This has been the exception. "
"I found an excellent way to enter the world of programming, since the contents of an easy and friendly way are offered. It helped me understand the syntax and the possibilities that exist with the Python language. It also served me as a motivation to continue learning other courses on the platform. "
"The course is Father, Charles Russel undoubtedly does a great job by mixing programming with some videos for people to learn the impact of programming. I recommend the course, however it takes more practice. I would recommend that you mix this course with an additional platform like DataCamp. "
A very useful course to learn python des by 0. Very didactic content and very well explained! ------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- Very UserLull Course for Learning Python With No Previous Experience .Very Didactic Content and with Well Explained Classes.Thanks Dr. Sevenrance! 
"It is an excellent course for those who are starting in programming or in the Python language. I liked the teaching way to dictate the course and platforms that were used to use the Python code. Thanks for what they taught me and I will continue learning with encouragement, thank you very much. "
"In general, the course was very useful and I learned many things (my first approach to Python). The teacher's explanations were very clear what made it easy to understand the concepts, and the qualified activities were very useful for practicing. I liked the videos of the additional information. "
"It is a very well-structured course, with excellent documentation and an unverted instructor that explains each topic very well and generously shares its enthusiasm with interviews of your colleagues and small clips of Python Student Groups. For me it is a very pleasant experience in Coursera. "
"I want to thank the founders of the Coursera, for the excellent initiative of this project, I am a student of Electrical Engineering and undoubtedly participate in this course of Python was a water divider in my professional life and I recommend to all who wish to increver in any course of the Coursera. "
"Excellent To start with the programming language of Phyton, it is true that if you have knowledge in programming it is simpler and performed at shorter time however if you do not have the explanations are clear to start from scratch. Thanks for this kind of courses "
"A good course to start, it is important by the way, reading the Book Python for all and perform the proposed exercises. Ideal for students and professionals who want to understand Python and programming from the foundations. Good prospects for solution to problems. "
"A really good course for a beginner, although it does not have many practice exercises, fundamental concepts are very well explained in a simple way to start in this long world of programming. Subtitles and tutor's good diction also facilitate learning. "
"I did not imagine that doing a course I was going to make me laugh and learn so much at the same time ... Professor, organization and exhibition of ideas ... I would have liked more practical code, but there is also nothing left but to continue experimenting with problem solutions to be presented "
"A very complete course that teaches you the basic concepts of Python and encourages you to continue with the following courses of the Specialization Program. I totally recommend this course in part also by the teacher who imparted it, Dr. Chuck, since he makes the class much more interesting. "
"It was a simple but complete course, with everything the basics that you have to know to start learning Python. He fulfilled all my expectations and helped me a lot to remember what I knew before Python and some topic he had not seen. I plan to continue without a doubt with the rest of courses. "
"A course at slow pace. Very quiet, very cool. Helps get the basics of Python without having a headache. Fast results and tasks (easy) are a stimulus to continue learning. I liked it, maximum note. I hope that the next courses of this integrate are more challenging. "
"Excellent way to start, I love the direct, easy and well explained of the concepts that the course aims to teach. You still need to be available in Spanish so that many more people can access it. Recommended if you just start in programming as my case is. "
"Excellent course for beginners in the art of programming. Additional material on programming and the world of computing is generally very valuable, both by the information provided on programming and by the general culture of computer science. "
As always Professor Charles Severance gives us a material of excellent quality available to everyone. An essential course for those who wish to investigate in the exciting world of programming with this fantastic language as it is python.que enjoy it! 
"The course is very easy to use and understand especially because it uses external tools. You can accommodate the course at your times and schedules and it is not as long as it seems since you end up quickly. The teacher knows very well the subject, it is funny and has a lot of experience. "
"A good course to start in Python, whether you have a notion of programming in other languages or if it is the first contact with programming. While English is a very used language in many parts of the world, it would be good for them to have subtitles in Spanish. "
"I had already taken a course previously at the University on Programming but I never understood anything that I wrote, now I have everything very clear. The teacher makes learning fluent. I recommend Full to start understanding programming language. "
"Really easy to follow and understand. I had already given this agenda at the university, but remembering it has been useful to fully establish the bases of this knowledge, and this course has turned out the best option for it and to move forward. "
"Great introductory course !! Good material and good tips to start in Python development. The course is for beginners, so it is necessary to give sequence in the next courses in the series to be able to develop a real application. "
"Excellent course The instructor explains the material in a very pleasant way, so the material does not feel heavy. Similarly, the examples that He gives is very clear and concise, so it does not bathe in understanding the material explained. "
"Good course to start in Python Step by Step, has taught me the correct way to program under this language and I have been able to understand some issues that cost me to resolve as functions. I recommend this course for anyone. "
"After a long time of not having studied subjects related to learning computing languages, this course was a motivating and friendly reunion. An important ability in my training as a future molecular biologist. "
"I LIKE IT! It is Wonderful That This Course is Taught Very Well. The Teacher Explains It Very Well, Short and Concise. I like! It is great how this course is taught. The teacher explains very well, short and concise. "
"The tasks of rate and gross payment are confusing and the asginment tool is very specific as to the results, but otherwise it is a great course, the teacher explains very well and is super entertaining. I loved "
"Very interesting, it teaches you to better understand the devices we use daily. In addition, it gives you a programming base. Even if you do not expect to know how to schedule as the course. You have to give this many hours to this. "
"Great course to learn how to program. This is true for any language, as the instructor gives great programming logic tips in this first module that in the future, in the learning of other languages, are very valuable. "
"It is a very good program for people who do not know anything about programming and it is a good course to unplug knowledge for people who already know how to schedule in another language, definitely a good place to start "
"It is a really designed course for all, the intruder takes you on a trip from 0 to build simple programs in Python, it is not necessary to be from the area area to participate in this course 100% recommended "
"Excellent course, covers the basic principles not only by Python, but of programming in general, and the teacher explains very well, covers all aspects, when you finish a video practically do not feel doubts. "
"It is an excellent introductory course to Python and programming in general. The tutor is incredibly inspiring, and despite being virtual, he manages to connect with the students and inspire to learn. Thanks a lot. "
Spectacular course! . It helped me a lot to refresh my programming knowledge that I had already left for years. Very fun and very entertaining. It has sufficient difficulty according to the basics of the course. 
"This course gives you the basis for more than Python. I have scheduled in other languages before, but for some reason I felt that Python was not friendly. But thanks to Dr Chuck I see that it is the most friendly language. "
"I loved the course, I have already had contact with Python formerly and this course enabled me to become familiar with the tool and be based on more advanced courses involving this programming language. "
For those who did not have a systems training but we are interested in learning to program. This course is perfect since it explains it very well step by step. And super important because of things. 
"Excellent course, recommended for anyone who is initiating in programming. The teacher, Charles (Chuck) is a great professional who manages to convey greatly all the knowledge he possesses. "
"It is a course  really useful, at all times, knowledge that is  they acquire when going on each level and it is really entertaining that you have to apply them  already programming and not on a questionnaire. "
"I really liked the exposure and simplicity of the material if it is a course for all, the language can be a bit complicated if you are not english native but not excessive. Take more python course !!!! "
"Excellent course, the lessons are easy, do not be lost when doing the exercises and are enough challengers without falling on the need to be very complex or exagullately easy "
Very good course. With him you will learn the bases of the Python programming language. It is not necessary to have previous programming knowledge. The classes are didactic and very well explained. 
"Excellent course! Anyone can take this course as it starts at a basic level and concepts are very clear. Also, you have the necessary resources so as not to lose yourself on the road. "
"It is a very good course to learn how to program in Python. The steps are very easy to follow, and if you do not understand something you can see the video again. I'm grateful to find this course "
I am very excited with the expectations that this excellent course proposes. Everything is explained in a simple and understandable way and the curve of difficulty is very successful. One thousand and thousand thanks. 
I liked the course as it provides basic tools in the scope of programming. So if you are a beginner in this beautiful world of programming this course is ideal for you. 
"It was an excellent course, I recommend it for all the people who are still afraid to schedule, and for people like me, who already had more than 22 years of not scheduling! "
"I congratulate you, I have tried to take other courses on similar web sites and are not so clear and easy to wear like this. Thank you very much and continue with your program "
"The course is very good I take it without knowing anything about Python and I really helped me a lot, I learned a lot and I feel ready to continue experimenting with Python. "
It is a great online course!. With clear explanations and videos very unlikely. For anyone who wants to start or want to review the topics covered by this course. Online exercises are of great help. 
"Excellent, although, even without having any programming experience except some Visual Basic at school about ten years ago, in my opinion the course could have bee more difficult and the pace quicker."
Extremely basic but Dr. Chuck is so interesting that you never get bored. You can pass the course in a few days with minimum or even no programming knowledge. It's a good starting point for beginners.   
Lecture videos were broken into small parts whereby it's easy to understand and digest. Assessment given were relevant to what was taught for each segment. Navigating around course contents were easy.
first time i had done any course online and this was a wonderful experience I learned all the stuff and the explanation provided was good.i would like to do more courses from herethank you! 
Great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand. Had zero programming experience before and this class made it easy and fun to get into. 
"After trying tutorial after tutorial and exploring many different resources to learn Python, I have finally found one that works! This is a very fun course, and the free textbook is simply incredible. "
Great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand. Had zero programming experience before and this class made it easy and fun to get into.   
"The professor's lecture is so awesome, however, the content is adjust to the new programming learners. I heared extended part of the course is charged,  you can purchased it if you want deeper learning"
I completed the course in about three days. I've never programmed before to the learning curve was excruciating but nonetheless I managed to get through and finally get my python feet wet so to speak.
Thank you. It was a worthwhile course. Entertaining as well. I just wish that there were more sample homework before the exercises so students could see how the lessons are applied to actual problems. 
Easy to follow and not boring. The instructor breaks things down in simple form. The Coursera platform is sometimes a bit quirky but otherwise the content in this course I thought was quite excellent.
"excellent for beginners, very well described, great understanding grasped and its simple, very simple, but thats what makes it 5 star, is that its for anyone or as the title says pythong for Everybody"
"Extremely well laid out curriculum, to the point videos and excellent book. Built my confidence level to clear the course. Thanks Dr.Chuck for all the hard work and diligence to support the community."
"Dr. Chuck has a special ability to teach programming to people who doesn't necessarily have programming background. This is rare among programming teachers, and shows that he is an excellent educator."
"This course is organized and explained very well.  It is moderately challenging, and I recommend it to get interested in Python.  The teacher and the assistant staff are very good.  I enjoyed the course."
this course is extremely suitable for an individual who does not know anything about python. but after i learned the course . it seems  like a litter bit of easy. i commend that at the final of the course. the text should tend to more difficult so that people who learn this course can actually improve programming skill
"Great teacher Chuck and obviously a great course for people just starting out with programming. Well paced. The suggested timings for the assignments were a bit off, I think, but well, that's just me. "
"i know about a bit of programming language skills by using c or c++. But i also wanted to learn about the python programming language, so i decided to go with coursera & i want to say....waao...Dr. Chuck is awesome, the way he taught is pretty great... i mean to say that... this course is pretty awesome for everyone who want to go with python programming language So, i'm highly recommending to go with this course. "
"Excellent course.  The pace was perfect, it was not so long that it was daunting to finish and it did not take too much weekly free time either.  Despite this, I was still able to learn a great deal and am still motivated to continue with the rest of the specialization.  "
Extremely basic but Dr. Chuck is so interesting that you never get bored. You can pass the course in a few days with minimum or even no programming knowledge. It's a good starting point for beginners.
"well i am thankful for such platform for providing  and me to develop my programming skill, and also for respected sir  Charles Russell Severance , the way he teaches i understand from basics of python. "
I loved it! Dr. Chuck is extraordinary in his explanations. A great way to start on Python programming. As a person that hasn't programmed in years it was an encouraging and educational experience :-)
A really simple and what is the most important a clear course.Really hope that next sessions are created in the same manner.Will highly recommend to anyone who decides to start studying Python
"Great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand. Had zero programming experience before and this class made it easy and fun to get into.

"
"Great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand. Had zero programming experience before and this class made it easy and fun to get into.

"
  Great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand. Had zero programming experience before and this class made it easy and fun to get into.  
  Great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand. Had zero programming experience before and this class made it easy and fun to get into.  
  Easy to follow and not boring. The instructor breaks things down in simple form. The Coursera platform is sometimes a bit quirky but otherwise the content in this course I thought was quite excellent.  
"I love Coursera , it's so helpful for me . I hope that other lessons and courses are also cool like this and the Dr. Chuck ia the coolest ever teacher i have ever seen so thank you very much Coursera."
"This class served as not only my introduction to Python, but to programming in general. For whatever reason, programming can seem like a daunting task to people, including me. However, Professor Severance had a casual, yet confident attitude that made each week feel like an approachable game that happens to be very useful. I didn't expect to have a great time watching the lectures, but I did. Obviously, I'm not very advanced yet with programming, but it seemed to me Professor Severance was great at anticipating faulty habits or inclinations and nipping those in the bud for us beginners. He has well-constructed examples to explain his points without making them overly complex. In short, I think the title of the course is apt; it does a good job at making Python understood by everybody who is interested to learn. Thanks for the solid foundation!"
"I just loved the instructor!!!

I loved the way he teaches, he taught some deep topics very easily. It was very simplified and examples were so relatable and the way he made me understand the codes, I just started to fall in love with programming !
After this course, I am not only clear with the algorithms and control flow but also I have learned many techniques to easily code. 
I have got a free book, with this course, which is the easiest programming book I have ever read!!! 
I tried to code by my self after learning a topic, I gave myself some problems and solved by myself which gave me confidence. 
In this course I have learned about basic programming, overview of python, hardware and software relations,hardwere overview,variables,conditionals,function,user defined function,loop and control statement and so on.
  "
"  Well Python, though was the first programming language that I ever picked up to learn when I was in my high school, I didn't continue coding in python(regretfully) after finishing cover to cover two books 1) Head First Python by O'Reilly Publications ; 2) How to think like a computer scientist: using python. After a long break I started learning Java when I started studying Computer Science at university and after coding in Java for almost two years and learning a lot of data structures and algorithms and implementing them using Java, I totally forgot how to write Python codes so this was a very good quick, informative and adequate revision. I feel like a Pythonista already. Going to continue the second part of this course too. Thank you !!  "
"Excellent starting point course. Very easy to follow and understand. Terrific instructor who explains things well, is never dull and is easy to listen to. The ""office hours"" videos seemed a little unnecessary. I'm not sure what the point of those was. I found this course quite easy, probably because I have a B. Sc. in Computer Science, although that was a while ago. I really liked learning how to install and use Atom (Atom Nightly for Mac was the one that worked... search for Apple support note about that -- regular Atom will not download), Python and Terminal, none of which I was familiar with before. Great job! I will take more courses in this specialization for sure !"
"This course is really simple and does what it says. It gets you started with Python and basic programming. If you are not introduced to Python at all and would like to learn, this should be your go-to option. The instructor is really knowledgeable and really fun at the same time. I would like to advise on completing the next course ""Python: Data Structures"" as well to get acquainted with lists, dictionaries, tuples, etc. and programs utilizing these concepts. This would really round up the introductory concepts in Python."
"This course is hands down my favourite programming course (And I've taken a lot of programming courses). Dr. Chuck (the instructor) teaches so well. He makes the class fun and even tells stories during lessons. He also tries to be as friendly as possible. That makes the learning experience so much better.The concepts are clear and they're explained properly too. And the assignments in the middle make sure that you really pay attention to the course.If you are looking for a course to start learning Python, this is the one."
"This course is fantastic! I always looked at coding as some dark magic that I would never understand. Now, after this course, I want to continue mastering this skill set and understand how else I can use to to manipulate, interpret, and display data. The instructor is wonderful, and I am now actively looking for his other courses to take next. My only suggestion is for some of the exercises to be displayed via Windows and not just Mac, but that's an extremely minor issue. I highly recommend this instructor. Great course."
"Great lectures, great text book.  I really liked the professor - in his videos he progresses fast enough that you don't get bored, but slow enough that you can understand the material.  I generally dislike watching instructional videos because I'd rather read the instructions and do it at my own pace, which is usually faster than the video's pace, but I didn't mind watching these.  I also liked the fact that he had a textbook that you can use as reference so that you don't have to re-watch the videos over and over again."
"I started this course with zero knowledge of programming: 20 years ago, I have learned basic HTML, that's all. I am not a computer or technology person at all. However, Dr. Chuck's teach method made me feel like the contents are simple. In the latter half of the course, I struggled to do assignment of making a code. Because I need to use more function, and my brain hadn't fully understood how to use those functions. I reviewed my note many times and finished assignments. Thank you for your excellent lecture, Dr. Chuck!!"
"This was my first ever course online and I am happy to say that I had a satisfying experience. The great thing about this course is that not only the instructor is dedicated and really puts his heart into teaching the material; all the necessary steps are taken to ensure the student's success; that the student can really complete the course without getting demotivated. I highly recommend this course to the beginner programmers, who have never written any code and want to learn to code in an fun yet challenging manner."
"Out of all the courses that I have taken on Coursera, this one left me with a smile on the face as I worked through the content week by week. Professor Chuck has a humorous and engaging style of teaching. The bonus materials are absolutely a charm, I loved seeing so many students as they meet and greet with professor and share their experiences. The exercises are a great way of beginning in programming and are very relevant to the material being taught. I am eager to take more courses from this specialization."
"Incredible course!!! 1. Python is so complicated but the course is simple (maybe just at the beginning, for people like me with thin mathematics foundation and no knowledge of programming at all!) 2. The logic of the course is very clear and simple to understand 3. The arrangement is not so tight, therefore is friendly to people who have full-time job like me! 4. Coursera is incredible!!! See you in the next course! "
"This is an amazing course. I used to be so scared to computer programming. But I enjoyed this course so much that I actually enjoyed doing the assignments. I completed the course in just 9 days which is awesome. This just proves that if the professor is engaging, students will love learning. I am very very greatful to the instructor. This has been a wonderful experience."
"I cannot describe my joy at achieving this feat. It was an interesting and fulfilling experience. Although, a complete beginner, I was able to comprehend the lessons owing to the simple language used by the instructor. Thank you so much, Professor Charles. I sometimes had tough times, but it was worth it. I won't relent at this level, I will continue to soar higher."
"A very interesting and useful online course for begginers. I think it's a great opportunity for everyone to spend some time with this course, as you can learn the basics about Python programming and more. Thanks Charles Severance for this amazing online course!I'm looking forward to attend the next courses of this specialization!"
"I love the teaching style of Dr. Severance!! I've tried so many other tutorials online but his class is by far my favorite. He helps cement connections by use of metaphors and visual aids and as a student who has traditionally favored subjects such as language arts, it has been invaluable to my learning experience!!"
I have gone through plenty of materials for python and also did few data science courses.But I regret taking this course at the first place.Dr Severance’s lectures are very neat and easy to understand.I never understood basics so well before :)I am very grateful to be a part of this specialisation 
"I struggled, had to watch most of the videos  2  or even 4 times, but I have completed it.The instructor is highly professional, a true teacher. I started with the Python course by Google and it was poorly explained. The instructor here knows exactly what beginners' learning process is like."
The best online course I have taken so far. Charles Sir used a very simple way to convey his knowledge with his best efforts. You will learn every python basics. The topic I liked most is except and try and Functions. I am grateful to Coursera for providing such a great platform for us. 
"I am an absolute beginner to programming. I find this course a clearly instructed one for beginners. The course design is pragmatically useful because you need to practice by yourself, going through videos and books, in order to pass all the assignments. It is worth it in the end!"
"This is the course from which i  came to know as a first time , how does the python looks like?I  got amazed every time when i was writing my code due to its simplicity and  readability.NO doubt Chuck sir plays a very crucial role.I am very eager and excited to go  for part two."
"I had not programmed in  years. I took this course and in less than a week, I was reliving my youth in my programming years. I guess it's kind of like riding a bike. You never forget. But having a good class like this one as a refresher sure makes it easier."
I really liked Dr Severance. He kept my interest and didn't drone on about things....had a great personality and didn't assume you knew everything he has learned throughout his entire career. He has made me want to take the entire specialization. Great Job!
"Hi, sorry for my English. I'm learner from Russia and i'm already know python basics so i want to learn english programming stuff. It's very interesting and simple to understand for beginners, but for me i want more complex task. Thanks for course."
"It was an amazing experience with Dr. Chuck. Thanks, Sir, for your amazing teaching and help me to learn a new language. Anybody who's looking for a perfect start in the kingdom of Python can take this course without thinking twice. Happy Coding!!"
"  Regardless of its simplicity, caused by nothing else but the fact that this is a course meant to build a fundamental knowledge of the language, the course never gets boring. This is by virtue of Dr Chuck's immense talent and skill for teaching.  "
Excellent course! The videos are great and the exercises push you. Very good course to get into the basics. The material is made available which is great to use as a reference for afterward. By far the best online course for beginners.
"Great project! Great Lesson! Thank you Prof. Charles, your lesson helps many many people! Your lecture is fun and practical! And thank all the team working for this project! Thank coursera! This is a great platform! I love you all!"
It was so easy to engage in the assignments after the awesome video tutorials.The discussion forum is wonderful so that doubts can be cleared by your peers.It builds a social connection amidst this corona pandemic situation.
Course explains everything in a well defined manner and it's so easy to understand but challenging enough to have you think on your own. Very impressive. Hope there are more courses like this for more advanced subjects.
It is a well-paced course that is enticing for those who are just delving into programming as a subject and to the veterans out there looking for a quick introduction to Python and its coherent simplicity and power.
Amma baboi...Dr.chuck you are really awesomeThe way u teach and crack jokes in between are simply awesome.and coming to the course I improved my skills in python from Zero knowledge to complete grip on python.:)
  Course was very intresting and interactive. And also looking forward to start python data structure course. Charles sir was teaching perfectly and his lecture content was also very helpful.Thank you!!  
"It was an awesome course , the instructor was very good at explaining it in a (hogward) like way .It was fun, i feel like anyone who doesn't have prior knowledge on programming can learn it with ease. "
Very good course that does a great job introducing programming concepts to a person that has no prior knowledge in this field from the ground up. Enforces good programming habits and fundamentals.
This is a very good way for everybody to start python. Dr. Chuck took his time to prepare material that any beginner can learn and understand. I am happy I just got a good foundation for Python
The course is perfect for beginners. The instructor is quite friendly and the lecture materials are helpful too. This course doesn't require any prior skill so anybody can learn from scratch. 
"I am very happy as I started my career with programming after couple of years experience in different stream. Python course prepared in an efficient manner, which can understand by any"
"  Overall, this is a great introduction to Python. Prior to this class, I had zero Python experience; however, my review will be biased because not only am I a graduate of University of Michigan, but I also have 30+ years of software experience including Structured Text (CoDeSys), C, C++, C#, and a half-dozen others.Professor Severance is a great teacher – I wish I could have had him as a professor during my years at U of M.Four-point-nine-star review: because I find a few things lacking in these introductory software courses, and this one in particular.Development and debugging: line by line stepping through our code using a “better” software tool. Atom and the IDLE tools are VERY lacking in development capabilities.It is fundamental to software development to be able to step through your code, line by line, set breakpoints, and easily examine variables and values as they change. And I believe this would make it MUCH more clear to new software students exactly what a CPU is doing when processing code.I know the video course tried very hard to “sketch” out what is really going on in While loops, For loops, If-then-else statements, and function calls. However, I think that students, especially students new to software overall, would benefit greatly if they could use a more professional tool than the Atom and IDLE tools. And if that’s not possible, I think the videos should show the actual animation of stepping through line-by-line and setting breakpoints in example software, using such a tool.Visual Studio Community version is FREE online, and has all these capabilities. I’m not promoting Microsoft or this tool, other than it’s an excellent example of the types of tools students should use for really learning software. And they will benefit greatly from this experience when they evolve to the professional level.And two footnotes about Python:(a) Implicit conversion from int to float, and(b) indentation.These are my main “beefs” against Python; in the 21st century, implicit conversions should never be allowed. And the fact that Python 3 (not Python 2) implicitly converts integers to floats during mathematical operations will bar it from being an enterprise professional language. Indentation instead of braces or other blocking methods: over and over again students will be stumped as to why their code does not work because tabs and spaces are being mingled in the code. A professional language should not do that. Indeed, one must carefully make sure the settings convert tabs to spaces.  "
"DON'T GIVE UP SO SOON. KEEP ON MOVING TO COURSE 2 OF THIS SPECIALIZATION.Sections 1-7: I had no previous knowledge about programming, even my educational background doesn't related to computer science at all. I have passion for working on the computer as a graphic designer as well as website designer, I thought I must have knowledge of programming language in order to ease my work as a website designer, but everything in this full 7 section course offers me the basic knowledge of programming with python, so nothing came as a complete surprise, that's why I mustn't quit so soon, I need to proceed to the next course to have viable workable experience in this specialization. This is also my first course on coursera so I did not realize until around section 3 that we were supposed to read the chapter from Charles' book (which is free) Python for Everybody: Exploring Data Using Python 3 and then view the lectures. If you have never programmed before I recommend that you read these chapters first and then watch the lectures. If you're a programmer, you can skip the reading and watch the lectures until you hit material that is more challenging and then I recommend reading the chapter and following all of the exercises for the beginners. In my own opinion Charles Russell Severance is a great lecturer although he somehow seems to be funny sometimes but I really interested in this course because of him. If everyone of the lecturer happen to be like him even an academic challenged individual can easily master the subject matter. All the topics of discussion were explicitly stated. All the videos were well organized in a logical manner. As the material became more difficult it became more interesting and I grew to enjoy and appreciate the down-to-earth style that Dr. Chuck has when teaching a concept in the course. I believe that he may be the person who can help me realize my dream in programming and  understand how to properly execute classes with functions in my coding.The course was easy (I expected this), and I was only truly challenged on the last section of the course where the homework took me more than 5-10 mins to complete. Anyway, I was astonished when I got it later.I'm looking forward to the next section of this 5 part specialization of Python for Everybody course on Coursera, where I expect to be more challenged than in the first part (Getting Started with Python).Thanks for reading this and I hope it will be of help to you."
"This course is a perfect one for people who are beginning to take their first steps in the world of Python (and programming, in general).. All the lectures, assignments, and the course materials offer quite good insight to basic and fundamental programming concepts..And, considering the syntactical ease of Python, it makes programming easy to learn and understand, removing the extra clutter found in the more traditional languages like C/C++ or Java,,And, finally, the instructor, Prof. Charles Severance, who is more affectionately called Dr. Chuck just mixes fun and learning to create quite an exciting and memorable teaching environment,But, while all of this good, I felt that this course lacked the bite for a more advanced learner or someone who has spent sometime in the world of programming.. The complexity of the quizzes or the assignments are at beginner level... Best for complete beginners..But, like i mentioned earlier, it is very easy to rush the whole course in a couple of days time or at most, one week for an advanced learner. This course lays the foundation for the more advanced courses in Python.. Technically, it is the first part of the Programming for Everybody specialization, which consists of 5 courses, revolving around the world of Python.. So, my final advice to all beginners is to take their sweet time understanding and grasping these fundamental concepts,, These form the foundation stone for any programming language as well as Computer Science world. Don't worry  about the assignments, you will get more than ample time to complete them and succeed in them..Plus, I feel that you will also enjoy some of the bonus interviews.. They could be quite motivating or thought-provoking..And, for advanced beginners, you can rush through this course and brush up on some basic concepts to move into more advanced courses, which will not only be a lot more challenging and catering more advanced and diverse concepts and topics.. And, in my opinion, this specialization package could be, at this current moment, the best possible experience when compared to learning the basics of Python online.. And, could be the closest thing to a face-to-face learning experience.."
"  This is a great course. The teacher not only knows his material, but has a lot of experience working with first time programmers and so knows what errors they are likely to make and what questions they are likely to ask and addresses them all. He is fun to listen to, unlike some moocs I have taken where the teachers were reading and got the intonation all wrong--very distracting. This one wasn't like that by far. He was interesting and even funny at times. The only issue I have is that if you are auditing the class, it isn't as nice an experience. You can't submit quizzes to see if you got them right and all your coding problems are marked wrong. You can still do the coding and the website will error check and all, but you won't get the pass/fail grade to be sure you got it right. I worked through all the materials, including reading the chapters in the book in just four days. I'd say there is about 2 to 4 hours of work per ""week"" expected. So, great course, but Coursera has become more interested in making money than in those of us who must only audit. It is not worth my time to chase up financial aid for something I'm working through so quickly. I'd rather spend the time working on a portfolio for future work than to bother about all that. I'm disabled, so I have no money to through at the problem. So, if you can only audit the class, is it worth it? YES! Just prepared to be highly annoyed with Coursera. The problem isn't the instructor's fault and I'm glad to have the materials. The videos covers what's in the book, but in an easy to understand way, so when you read the chapter associated with it, you can follow along without it being too dry or laborious. Then you are ready for the quiz and coding problem(s), and then a little wrap up material before moving on to the next lesson. I'm glad we are allowed to work ahead. I'm moving on to the second course in the specialization, which picks up where this one left off. If you want to learn Python or just ""a"" programing language to get a start or just dabble in programming, this is a great place to start!  "
"  This is a great course. The teacher not only knows his material, but has a lot of experience working with first time programmers and so knows what errors they are likely to make and what questions they are likely to ask and addresses them all. He is fun to listen to, unlike some moocs I have taken where the teachers were reading and got the intonation all wrong--very distracting. This one wasn't like that by far. He was interesting and even funny at times. The only issue I have is that if you are auditing the class, it isn't as nice an experience. You can't submit quizzes to see if you got them right and all your coding problems are marked wrong. You can still do the coding and the website will error check and all, but you won't get the pass/fail grade to be sure you got it right. I worked through all the materials, including reading the chapters in the book in just four days. I'd say there is about 2 to 4 hours of work per ""week"" expected. So, great course, but Coursera has become more interested in making money than in those of us who must only audit. It is not worth my time to chase up financial aid for something I'm working through so quickly. I'd rather spend the time working on a portfolio for future work than to bother about all that. I'm disabled, so I have no money to through at the problem. So, if you can only audit the class, is it worth it? YES! Just prepared to be highly annoyed with Coursera. The problem isn't the instructor's fault and I'm glad to have the materials. The videos covers what's in the book, but in an easy to understand way, so when you read the chapter associated with it, you can follow along without it being too dry or laborious. Then you are ready for the quiz and coding problem(s), and then a little wrap up material before moving on to the next lesson. I'm glad we are allowed to work ahead. I'm moving on to the second course in the specialization, which picks up where this one left off. If you want to learn Python or just ""a"" programing language to get a start or just dabble in programming, this is a great place to start!  "
"  This is a great course. The teacher not only knows his material, but has a lot of experience working with first time programmers and so knows what errors they are likely to make and what questions they are likely to ask and addresses them all. He is fun to listen to, unlike some moocs I have taken where the teachers were reading and got the intonation all wrong--very distracting. This one wasn't like that by far. He was interesting and even funny at times. The only issue I have is that if you are auditing the class, it isn't as nice an experience. You can't submit quizzes to see if you got them right and all your coding problems are marked wrong. You can still do the coding and the website will error check and all, but you won't get the pass/fail grade to be sure you got it right. I worked through all the materials, including reading the chapters in the book in just four days. I'd say there is about 2 to 4 hours of work per ""week"" expected. So, great course, but Coursera has become more interested in making money than in those of us who must only audit. It is not worth my time to chase up financial aid for something I'm working through so quickly. I'd rather spend the time working on a portfolio for future work than to bother about all that. I'm disabled, so I have no money to through at the problem. So, if you can only audit the class, is it worth it? YES! Just prepared to be highly annoyed with Coursera. The problem isn't the instructor's fault and I'm glad to have the materials. The videos covers what's in the book, but in an easy to understand way, so when you read the chapter associated with it, you can follow along without it being too dry or laborious. Then you are ready for the quiz and coding problem(s), and then a little wrap up material before moving on to the next lesson. I'm glad we are allowed to work ahead. I'm moving on to the second course in the specialization, which picks up where this one left off. If you want to learn Python or just ""a"" programing language to get a start or just dabble in programming, this is a great place to start!  "
"I'd like to say this is the MOST AMAZING programming course I've taken.

I have been trying to learn programming since I was in primary school (OK and now I am a high school graduate). Through the years I've learned Scratch, C++ and a couple of other things at school that I don't remember. But the problem was, all those teachers were going way too fast for a beginner like me to understand the whole thing. They also presumed that I understood their logic, but in reality I couldn't. So I only had to remember the ""codes"" and copy them from my brain onto exams. Then a few months later, I'd forget them.

But Dr. Chuck's course is amazing, literally amazing. His pace of teaching was just the perfect tempo for me, not too fast so as to get the whole picture and get things organized, and not too slow to waste time. I think he did an excellent job in illustrating the whole logic of the codes we've learned. Also as a programmer for many years, he had many small tips for us beginners (like how to find the same file in both Atom and Python) that are really useful but are not included in typical textbooks. He is also very humorous and listening to his course is nothing but boring. The funny little videos in Bonus part were also relaxing.

And I think the quiz and homework system in Coursera worked pretty well with the lectures. It gave me chances to check my progress, and pointed out the small things I missed in the lectures. I also like the forum where we can ask questions and see how hundreds of other students throughout the world are learning with me. The whole system made my learning very efficient.

Since I am just a new comer to programming, I can't pick out some technical problems of the course design. I've seen many comments saying how the course lacked some basic points, and I think they might be true. However, from my point of view, I am really satisfied with how much I successfully learned in such a short course, and I am really grateful for Dr. Chuck and Coursera for providing such a wonderful educational experience.
"
"Majoring in Genetics and Molecular Biology, I were fortunate enough to meet one of my lecturer who works primarily on Next Generation Sequencing and its downstream analysis. Knowing the importance of how computer science will be in the near future and its power, he urges us to learn about programming and suggests us to extend our semester to take some programming courses from my university. It was the first time I heard about those words: Linux, big data, programming languages such as Java, Python et cetera. I started searching about some summer courses in my university and also other part time courses from other universities in my countries, but none of them is satisfactory. And then I found coursera, and decided to register for this course - Programming for Everybody. It is really a great solution, I don't have to extend my semester, I can learn something so useful to my major yet it is not included in my own course program, and most importantly, I can learn whenever I am free and proceed in my own pace. In this way I find it easier to figure out things which I am confused of and clear them out before I think I am ready for the next.Dr. Chuck is indeed one of the most inspiring and encouraging lecturer I have ever met. Clear explanation, and step by step guidance, he clears all doubts in an interesting way. It is his humour that helps me to remember things. Programming can be boring and dull, it is so technical, imagine that you have to follow a certain number of rules to talk to someone, but Dr. Chuck makes sense out of it (I still remember the first lecture: while you think you are joking with python, it says syntax error). As my first programming course, I really learn a lot from Dr. Chuck, a lot more than I expected to. I truly appreciate all the efforts made by Dr. Chuck and his teams, and also, the teams behind Coursera. Thank you."
"If anyone is unsure where and how to start and feel like they aren't very ""tech-savvy"", this class is the place to start.  Best Computer Science intro class I had taken without the pressure of learning the more technical stuff.  Professor Severance introduced coding with very simple and layman terms.  I came in hesitant and unsure if coding was within my reach, and after taking his course I am not only amazed with how much I was able to understand, but am looking forward to learning more.  His lectures are easy,  short and to-the-point, no computer jargon or overly complicated terms.  And the assignments push you enough to really understand the new concepts he is teaching.  Rather than just coding, he is teaching us to to be hyper-aware of our writing, how a computer interprets it and its affect in the end result in our code.  If he is teaching any other classes in Python I will definitely take them.  If not, I feel like I have a solid foundation to continue my self studies.  I was very lost where to begin in my desire to learning coding.  Thank you very much Professor Severance, your passion and desire for people to learn coding through Python shines through this course.  I appreciate your effort to make learning such a foreign area of study (to most people) much more approachable, and even coming alongside in sympathizing with our frustrations.  Learning something new is difficult, but having a teacher who understands this and wants to help the student is beyond what a student can ask for of his/her teacher.Again if you have had a desire to learn coding and thought it was impossible, feeling lost going through all the different youtube videos and forums.  Take this course!  It'll give you that basic foundation in learning to code without being overwhelmed by technical jargon."
"From start I know Coursera is one of the best online platform to learn things in quicker, proper, and smarter  manner although I  am not a newbie in programming but doesn't know how to code in python that is only reason I choose this course after seeing the ratings of the course I am eager to join this course. And as expected this course is far more better than my expectation and the Instructor of this course is really very good.  
Charles Severance is one of the best teacher on online platform, I go through, really enjoyed the way he taught to us. His techniques, his way of teaching is something which makes him unique, and may be that's the reason most of student enjoy to attend hi course. I love the way he start teaching from the scratch and cover almost everything which is either required for course or essential for us. I have completed this seven week course  in just within two weeks because I loved the way Professor Charles Severance teaches.
I am glad to attend this course and looking forward to attend the further courses by Doctor Charles Severance, continuing  this series of Python learning.  At last I would like to suggest all of aspirants want to learn python to go though  this course at least once. 
I loved various blogs in the end of every weeks either it is interview of any one or just a fun blog of office tours of Bangalore, Paris, Milan ,Seoul etc.
At last I wanna to thanks Coursera for providing this course to us and I would also like to thanks  Michigan University for providing this course to us . Thank you Coursera and thanks to Michigan University to providing us such a wonderful  course. 
                                                                                 THANK YOU :)
"
"Has many high-quality university courses fromtop U.S. universitiessuch as Stanford, Princeton, and Yale as well as international institutions such as the University of London and HEC Paris.Course feesare not immediately shown on the Coursera course pages, unfortunately. To view the fee, you have to click on ""Enroll"" and register for the platform. This will display the individual price for the course (for paid courses).If you want to take a course without a certificate for free, you can choose the ""Audit"" option for many courses (when registering for the course).Course series of several online courses are calledSpecializations. These require payment of a fee (monthly subscription, don't forget to cancel!). However, you can often take the individual courses of the series free of charge (without a certificate).Anyone enrolling for a paid course or Specialization will get access to a7-day trial period. If you are a quick learner, you can sometimes complete a course within the trial phase (and thus possibly even receive a certificate for free!).Some (not all) of thePersonal Development / Career courseshave been criticized by users as being rather superficial. Anyone who is already working and has an academic degree may not learn much in some of these courses.A clear advantage over other course platforms is theeasy navigationwithin courses. Videos, tests, discussion forums and further reading materials are easily accessible.For some courses, a final exam with an assessment by other students is required (Peer Assessment). This often works well, but for smaller courses with fewer participants, it may take some time to get adequate feedback for your work.  "
"by Brandt completed this course, spending 1 hours a week on it and found the course difficulty to be very easy.
This is the first class in the new (at the time I took it) Python for Everybody specialization, which grew out of Dr. Charles Severence's popular course of the same name. As I understand it, the first two courses of this specialization will cover the material from the previous course, while the third and fourth courses and the capstone will cover new material.

This is a very gentle introduction to programming in Python. The videos are very thorough, and Dr. Chuck does a good job of going over everything he's teaching in great detail. As I had a fair amount of experience in R and some experience with Python (Codecademy course and Genomic Data Science with Python course), I found this to be very easy, and I raced through the class in a few hours, listening to the videos on 2x speed. One of the big problems I have with this course and similar ones (like the Rice Python courses) is the use of web-based coding platforms. While they're useful for real-time checking of code, students who learn to use these platforms may end up completely lost if they try to go apply their programming experience from these courses to a real-world problem. I would much prefer to see programming taught via command line or using an IDE like Spyder.

Overall, four stars. Very thorough, very slow-paced. I imagine that finishing this specialization will only get students to the novice programmer stage, but it is a good first step, and probably the most approachable programming course out there for those with no experience."
"     My online classes are a convenience for me. They allow me to take additional classes that would not have fit into my schedule otherwise. I am not a traditional student, so I have non-traditional needs. Internet classes allow me to remain at home with my family. Taking Internet classes has many advantages for a non-traditional, and traditional student, such as: saving money, saving time, and most of all the convenience. Internet classes are the answer for many students with non-traditional needs. However, the only downfall to my Internet class was a computer virus, which was disastrous. I lost everything on my computer, but as for the important files I had backup on floppies. I was lucky, my sister-in-law came within a few days and fixed my computer, so I did not get too far behind. This situation should be considered when taking an Internet class.    In my experience with Internet classes, the good far outweigh the bad. Taking Internet classes has saved me money. If I were taking traditional classes,  I would be spending about twenty dollars a week in gas alone, not to mention the wear and tear on my car. The only expense that I incur with Internet classes is my server charge, which is about twenty-five dollars a month. That means by taking Internet classes I am saving over eighty dollars a month, and that does not include wear and tear on my car. I could finance a new computer with the savings from taking online classes.  "
"This is a great course. The teacher not only knows his material, but has a lot of experience working with first time programmers and so knows what errors they are likely to make and what questions they are likely to ask and addresses them all. He is fun to listen to, unlike some moocs I have taken where the teachers were reading and got the intonation all wrong--very distracting. This one wasn't like that by far. He was interesting and even funny at times. The only issue I have is that if you are auditing the class, it isn't as nice an experience. You can't submit quizzes to see if you got them right and all your coding problems are marked wrong. You can still do the coding and the website will error check and all, but you won't get the pass/fail grade to be sure you got it right. The videos covers what's in the book, but in an easy to understand way, so when you read the chapter associated with it, you can follow along without it being too dry or laborious. Then you are ready for the quiz and coding problem(s), and then a little wrap up material before moving on to the next lesson. I'm glad we are allowed to work ahead. I'm moving on to the second course in the specialization, which picks up where this one left off. If you want to learn Python or just ""a"" programming language to get a start or just dabble in programming, this is a great place to start!"
"I like this program mucho!  Yes, you can learn Python from a book or from an automated, text-based course.  But the videos by Dr. Chuck give the course the human touch and a real-world college feel.  With a human in the loop,  slight and useful nuances of coding and perspective on coding come through subtly and informally, beyond what text alone can provide. -- My only hangup was with the Autograder, the automated checker of submitted programs.  For the final program I delivered output as required.  My code was syntactically and semantically correct.  However I had to rewrite my code several times to fit the hidden requirements of the tool.  That was frustrating.  To resolve the problem I went to the Forum and received prompt feedback on my efforts.  Again, the human support aspect of Coursera distinguishes it from other tools.  On the way to resolution, I did get feedback on alternate and cleaner ways to code.  Thanks very much to those that monitored and respond to the forum.  -- I am VERY HAPPY with my experience with Coursera and this course.  I am very excited:  I feel empowered and confident that I can achieve my goals of not only acquiring a good, basic foundation of programming (Algorithms, Data Structures, etc.) but continue to advanced and current topics (Machine Learning, Big Data, etc.)  Thanks to all!"
"  The Python playground is amazing, but it isn't even necessary because the instructor provides such great material for getting Python installed and running on your computer (with windows, mac, and linux instructions), even a complete beginner would be able to follow the instructions and make a functioning script in no time. But the playground is just a lot of fun to play with, and makes tinkering as a beginner super easy.I spent one whole day and finished the entire Getting Started with Python course (auditing, quizzes), and learned more than I learned in the first 4 weeks of a 6 week paid course. Dr. Chuck is GOOD at what he does. He presents material in a very down-to-earth manner in clear, plain language that's technical, but not over my head. I have very little experience with programming, and know the basics of computers and computing, but even the introduction to hardware architecture was fascinating and I learned more about hardware than I expected. I felt a lot more prepared to dive into programming after that lecture.The amazing thing is that so much is crammed into such short lectures, and yet the material is still accessible.  "
"This is a review of the first og five parts in the Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python. It deserves 5 stars. The video tutorials are great and informative and the course also includes PowerPoint slides used in the lectures, the complete book which can be downloaded, quizzes and assignments, an autograder for the assignments and a playground where you can try out your Python skills and examples covered in the lectures. And, even though I haven't used it, a discussion group categorized in weeks (for the different topics covered), where both students and staff are very active. There really isn't a negative side, but if I where to mention something, it would be that I am guessing the PowerPoint slides originally where used for Python 2.7, because some of them have not been updated all the way, to Python 3. And, even though some of the quiz questions are very simple, some harder questions should be available, to make us prepare more. And of course, a few more assignments per week would help boost our confidence, even though I know we could do that on our own. Great course and great teacher."
"First off, let me say that this course is excellent. I've been interested in learning to program for a few months now. I tried things like Codecademy and Code School -- and while I learned a little bit from each of them, Python for Everybody was the key to my success of finally grasping the language.

There are a few reasons for this:

1. Dr. Chuck is awesome! His lessons are light-hearted, thorough, and truly make programming fun. He is the type of professor who is doing this for the love of Python and that really stands out.

2. This course encourages you to work in your own environment. While being able to learn to code in a browser is fun and interesting...using your own machine and your own terminal to execute Python is essential. Plus, you feel like a real programmer! Which really is cool when you're just starting out. It gives you the motivation to keep going. It did for me anyway.

If you're on the fence about this course, take it from another developer-in-training. Dr. Chuck's Python for Everybody is one of the best classes I've ever taken. You'll be glad you did."
"I learned more in this course than the introductory course I paid for through a private company. The assignments are practical and helpful, and most of all: Dr. Chuck is truly amazing. He presents technical information in a clear way using plain language, and makes it easy to pick up the Python lingo (and programming lingo in general). He is a clear speaker who doesn't talk too fast, and his teaching slides are helpful and easy to follow. The interactive transcripts and closed captioning are high quality and extremely helpful. This class was so great that I decided to sign up (pay) for the full specialization program.I whizzed through all the course materials in a day, but I had a (very) little bit of introductory experience before coming to this course. I believe someone without any programming experience whatsoever could comfortably complete this course well within the suggested time frame.Honestly I can't believe it doesn't cost anything to take (audit) a course of this caliber. If you're considering taking this class, I don't think you'll regret it."
"Dr Chuck is amazing! He can make you understand all you need to know without any previous knowledge. All the open-sourced material is very helpful too and the exercises are spot-on, perfect for revision and for testing your knowledge. I read several comments from people who were already familiar with programming, saying that for them this course is pretty basic. I would like to share my understanding of the matter, having finished the first part of the specialisation. This course is an introduction to programming, for EVERYONE. This means that it has to build up from scratch assuming that the student has no idea even what is inside a computer! And it achieves it perfectly. So, I recommend this course for everyone that want's to get started on Python; don't be intimidated, you can learn how to do this because this is an excellent step-by-step approach. You will learn same as you learned how to speak English. And I also recommend it for everyone who knows how to program already and would like to touch-base and put things back into context."
"This introductory course in Python was great, overall I found the instructor (Charles Severance) to be an excellent Lecturer. He has a wealth of experience and a great personality which helped motivate me a lot. If I think back throughout the 7 weeks, knowing what I had ahead of me from one week to the next, it sometimes felt daunting not knowing what might be expected of me in the next class or section of the course.  Then..before you know it..Charles is back and at a click of a button..explaining everything you need to know with excellent examples of code (what to do, what not do do etc) and reference to additional resources to dip in and out of, to help bolster my understanding, push me out of my comfort zone and complete the assignments.This really is one of the best software engineering classes I could find.  Charles is an excellent lecturer, mentor and coach and really knows how to help get you started and most of all, get you through it! I seriously can't wait to start my next Coursera course ""Python Data Structures"" - Enjoy!"
"Charles Severance is a truly magician.All my life I evaded programming, always had negative experience throughout the entire School and University, achieved only C's and hated it.But Charles took it all and put upside down — programming is Fun! The course is ideally clear and so well structured and balanced, so it is not an iota worse than your favourite TV show! Albeit with one little, but a very crucial difference — you learn REALLY USEFUL THINGS.And anyone can learn it, for sure. The course requires no special talent or knowledge, it just gives you them both, if you honestly complete all tasks with full dedication. It inspires you to create and program. It's absolutely true that in the middle of the XXI century there will be two types of people — algorithm makers and algorithm executes. So if you want to have an impact in your future life, ENROLL! P.S. But the real fruits await you after the completion of the course.Dr Nikolay Kondratyev  (a 10 year-experienced chemist, who decided to learn to program) "
"by Md. completed this course, spending 1 hours a week on it and found the course difficulty to be easy.
I loved this course.With so many glowing reviews, I don't think mine matters, but here it is anyway: This course is amazing.

This course is so amazing that a) I realized I threw away way too much money on a different ""introduction to python"" course that had live instructors and one-on-one access to mentors because this class was free and far more beneficial; and b) when I'm done writing this review, I'm going to sign up for the whole Coursera Python for Everybody specialization.

The amazing thing is that so much is crammed into such short lectures, and yet the material is still accessible.

Speaking of accessibility: the lectures have captions AND interactive transcripts. The audio is crisp and clear, as is the video-- without background noise or distractions. The dedication to accessibility has blown me away and is another big reason I plan to support Coursera by paying for the specialization path."
"This was my first online course ever. New to the world of online courses, I immediately fell in love with it within the first 2-3 weeks (which I completed within a day) of the course. I am really starting to see the potential of online learning and how this particular course makes it so easy for students from any background whatsoever to get starter with Python programming. I myself being a student of computer science and having learnt C++ found it very lucrative to speed through some of the portions of the course (the playback speed feature is really handy) and at the end of each week I could reinforce my learning through the assignments and reviews. Also liked the concept of Peer Graded Assignments and how it boosts the peer learning process in some ways. The video lectures by Dr. Charles Severance are really good and on-point, guiding the student across various circumstances of a particular topic. Will continue with the specialisation courses offered by University of Michigan on PY4E. 10/10."
"  I started this course having zero knowledge about python software. I had learnt c++ in my school days so i started to grasp the concepts quickly without much difficulty. I am really happy that this online course has proper assignments and quizzes to test our knowledge instead of just having to learn the concepts. A huge thanks to Prof. Charles Severance for making this course seem easy to learn. His way of teaching is very unique and i feel lucky to have got him as the instructor in an online learning platform. Anybody without a prior knowledge about programming can learn this course by taking their time. This course has been planned correctly and adequately instead of rushing with loads of concepts. In a way this course provides time for the individuals to learn, practice, and correct their mistakes while programming. In case of any difficulties, there are forums where we can discuss about the problems and get a solution. I eagerly look forward for my upcoming courses on this specialization."
"Programmers using complex lingo in your life making you feel lost when they explain something to you?This is the course for you! Other resources you tried on how to program are too complicated, and sound like an alien is speaking to you? This is the course for you! Why? Everything is explained so ""Everybody"" (anybody!) can learn! Plus, everything is communicated slowly, and compared to things in everyday life (of that of the ""99%"" of the population) so that ""Everybody"" can understand. Note: Great for LEARNING the basics. Not for PRACTICING. I used this course alongside ""Learning Python the Hard Way"" since that is an exercise only focused book, and this course is strong in terms of it's ability to communicate complicated concepts.Also, if you are someone in the tech industry who thinks his explanations are too ""dumbed down"", take this as a chance to learn and improve your own communication skills by watching someone who is able to communicate ""complex ideas"" so that ""Everybody"" can understand. "
"The perfect course for beginners.If you, like me, have been over thinking about giving programming a try for a few years now and been too afraid, this is the course for you.From any reason that you might be interested in programming, or from any previous knowledge or experience prof. Charles Severance is a marvelous teacher! I felt as he really understood where am I coming from as a non-technical student that never touched a piece of code before. And that shouldn't be forgotten! The course progress is nice and in a good paste (some might say even too slow) giving you the time to deal with this new world as it's not letting you feel that you are too slow to learn. I know that I acquired the most basic understanding of Python. Which was exactly what I wanted! With that knowledge, I believe I have the infrastructure to keep learning independently or at list was encouraged to deal with my fears. Now, I feel much more confident and sure I will continue to learn. Thank you so much!"
"  This is the best course for the beginners especially for those who do not have any idea about coding. It is user-friendly and it won't take much time for anyone of you to complete this course. The instructor for this course is absolutely phenomenal his teaching is spectacular you will get easily involved with him throughout the course, he often cracks nice jokes hahaha, so he has a nice sense of humor to lower down the pressure build-up (only if it happens), well he will just keep u on track throughout the course while u often try to loose while watching the examples he shows during the video sessions, so that's great, keeps u motivated. So, in the last I say have FUN guys u will enjoy it absolutely no doubt at all, its a full wonderful treat, for more things why not try it out yourself only if u feel that yeah this language will come handy for me in the future. So have fun and stay blessed. Thank u and I pray that u and your family have a very good life.  "
"Encouraging.  This is a course you are not likely to drop out of.   The order of info being given, and the explanations are very easy and relatable.  The foundational knowledge and skills this course passes on is solid,  essential, and prepares for future learning very well.  No computer background required for this at all.   I also commend the Dr. , for his ability to simplify the concepts without teaching anything which is untrue.  You won't need to unlearn anything you learn here as you continue to advance.  It's all good stuff, and I appreciated a little bit of the trivia.   I can tell this is an old course given some of the bonus videos of historical nature were recorded a few years ago.... but I'm doing it in 2018, but it's still relevant.  I appreciate that I do not need to wait for a session to start, and there are plenty of peers still doing this course.  You can do this at your own pace, and won't need to wait long at all for any peer review."
"I already had some knowledge about Python, but I really enjoyed this course for the following reasons: (1) The instructor talks in a calm and clear way and with just the right speed; (2) The instructor not only talks about the concepts, he demonstrates them either using slides or physical objects (the demonstrations with slides are really good, in the sense that the slides contain only important concepts, the diagrams/flow charts are well thought through and they indeed help to clarify/visualize the concepts); (3) The instructor explains all the keywords he uses (keywords that are considered in more detail in later chapters are explained briefly, so that the codes presented make sense); further his explanations are concise without suffering the clarity of the explanation(4) The exercises are well suited to the content of each chapter (i. e. they do not contain any concepts which were not covered within the chapter or in previous one); "
"Excellent course for those, like myself, who have no experience with computer science or programming. This course will give you a great introduction to Python as well as the skills necessary to take other courses. The pace of the course is just right so you will be challenged and motivated until the end. Furthermore,  you will receive a lot of support from the Professor as well as the community so whenever you get stuck, there will be a lot of people helping you understand the problem your are having. The Professor, Dr. Chuck, is extremely engaged, motivating and passionate about enabling people around the world to learn programming skills. He participates in the course and forums, making the long distance learning more personal and exciting. I strongly recommend this course for beginners - if you are afraid of starting a programming course because you do not know whether you will be able to learn, go ahead, enrol and have fun!"
"  This is a great introduction to Python. Everything is taken step by step and the Python-specific topics are very clearly explained. I found that valuable. However, I would say that this course is not really for everybody, but for those with absolutely no experience in coding in any other language. Prof. Severance takes a lot of time to explain fundamental concepts which are virtually the same regardless of the language one is using. I studied C++ during my highschool years, more than 12 years ago. Moreover, I have used Matlab quite extensively as well as a bit of VBA during my BSc and MSc (more than 7 years ago) and a little bit of both during my work years. In that respect, the time Prof. Severance takes to explain the mechanics of the algorithms was a bit of a waste. Maybe the book would be the better option for those who can move through the material faster.Overall: very clear, very well structured, a bit too slow.  "
"It's a great introduction to programming and Python 2 specifically. The way Dr. Chuck explains every step proving it's all doable is very encouraging for those of us who may think that programming is far beyond their competences. It's also a very good course for those who either had learned some Python elsewhere, or know other programming language as it organizes everything in a comprehensive manner so it all does make a lot of sense :) Dr. Chuck provides a free book ""Python for Informatics"" which is a very good reference of the key Python things with real case scenarios targeted at exploring information that anyone of us an use rather than sorting and other algorithms which are more suitable for computer science students. This course covers chapters 1-5 of this book so it's more of getting started with Python while the following courses continue with the next chapters when things are getting very exciting."
"I had started this course because I had no knowledge regarding Python, even though I had knowledge of other languages like C, C++, Java, C# & Swift. Coming from someone who has had a decent amount of programming knowledge, I must say that Dr. Chuck is one of the best instructors I've come across and his courses are well paced, informative & not overwhelming. The quizzes & the assignments in his courses are both doable by anyone who is just starting out and through his style of teaching I must say that anyone, literally anyone with no knowledge of programming or computer science can get into this field.In conclusion, if you are someone looking for a Python course which is simple yet dives into the depths without the fear of overwhelming you with lots of lessons, I suggest you take this course, and you will find yourself gaining more knowledge at a much rapid rate through Dr. Chuck than any other instructor."
"I'd been intimidated by python for awhile, despite having experience in other programming languages.  This was a really good introduction for a beginner and made digesting the blocks incredibly easy.  Another great benefit of the course is the extensive media through which you can access the information for the course.  Video, the textbook and even podcasts (which I have listened to on bike rides); Dr. Severance clearly wants to make the information as accessible as possible. Additionally, Dr. Severance is incredibly personable and funny.  I would love to have him as a professor.  My one complaint with the course would be that it moves really slow if you already have any coding experience.  To give you an idea, I have a background in R and got through this course in 2 days.  Either way, I'm on to the next course in the series and will continue on with the rest of them.  Thank you, Dr. Severance!"
"This is the first online course in which I've enrolled.  Before stepping my feet into COURSEA's  course (Programming for Everybody) I tried my level best to learn Python but never went beyond ""if/elif/else"" but after taking this course though I'm in the middle of it but I can proudly say that I've crossed my previous milestone & a new horizon has rose in front of me. InshAllah I will go beyond that horizon. I am a bachelor's degree (Bachelor of Studies in English Language (HONS)) holder but this is the best thing that ever happened to me in my whole 16 years of education career.Thanks COURSERA for providing such a marvelous opportunity and courses along with perfectly modified course outlines and study related content to students who previously never got exposed to what they want to learn on COURSERA. This is such a wonderful platform for every beginner. 

Thanks COURSERA, I owe you. "
"It was my first programming experience in my life!! I would like to honestly mention here that I had some doubts and insecurities about overall difficulty level and few other things of the "" Learning Programming Languages"" and whether I would be able to do it successfully or not sort of things. But I m very glad to state that this course really helped me a lot to get over this fear and to obtain an excellent grade. It guided me even how one should think while learning a programming language. Dr. Severance was more than helpful and kind to guide us during this whole learning process. I believe he has successfully understood the mindset of newbies and is encouraging. Overall, I feel very positive and I am going join next Course as well. Thank you Coursera for all the facilities and thank you very very much Dr. Charles Severance for conducting this great course. Good luck!!  Mukta"
"I am a Junior pursuing a computer science degree at another university, but I figured I wouldn't be doing much Python in my degree and I wanted to use my skills to pursue a personal interest in data science. I found this first course to be a fantastic introduction to Python and a solid overview of Python specific syntax and 'quirks' (such as the emphasis on indentation), which is primarily the knowledge I was lacking as opposed to general programming concepts, which I was very familiar with. I can imagine that this course is extremely valuable for beginners, because the professor does a wonderful job of explaining some rather abstract programming concepts in an accessible, structured, and clear way. I also think he hints how certain practices are good coding habits and help with clarity and conciseness of code, which I also think is extremely useful for beginners."
"This course is a steppingstone of my interest in a programming language. Personally, I am not a fan of any programming languages. However, after browsing through many reviews, I thought to give it a try. Guess what! I was not disappointed. The course material is well organized, and I felt the instructor of this course is very knowledgeable.
He has an immense idea about the struggle a student may face while learning
this course. He literally making this course accessible for everyone.
Generally, other online courses, instructors expect a student to have a prior
background on the topics they are going to teach, which is not always the case.
Sometimes, the course materials are difficult to understand as well. This course can be a perfect example for other online courses on how to present
effectively a relatively difficult topic to the beginner students. Great job!"
"I really enjoyed the course and found programming very exciting. The particularly exciting part was when I was able to apply what I learned, for example, I played around making programs to execute some physics formulas when some unknowns are inputted (I wish I had this knowledge last year my physics lab reports demanding the same calculations to be made repetitively would be considerably less time consuming). It was relatively easy to complete the course not only because it's a beginner's course but also because it is thoroughly explained making it easy to follow so I didn't have moments when I was stuck in trying to understand something. Also, the python playground tasks were very helpful and I wish there were more of those. Since those tasks forced me to truly engage with python and learn how to use it. Regardless, I think the course deserves 5 stars. "
"This is something really great and I appreciate all the efforts of the creators of that course, especially Dr. Charles Severance, who has an amazing ability of imparting his knowledge in a very colourful and enjoyable way, while fully substantively and clearly.This is my first ever on-line course, and if the remaining parts are conducted in similar way, I am more than impatient to start it immediately. It is a pity, it is 3:54 AM... :)And one more thing - this course as well as the book is indeed for the very beginners however with some ability of logical thinking (if you are not such a very beginner it will take just couple of days to finish it, as it was in my case).So listen carefully what Dr. Chuck is saying, read the book, take look at the slides, and other available stuff and don't hesitate to start and don't give up if something goes wrong. "
"Awesome Class! I'm currently studying mechanical engineering but I want to work in more of a mechatronics position when I graduate so I decided to take this course as an introduction to programming. I am completely new to this area of study (before this course, the most ""programming"" I've done is in excel). As a novice, I like how easy the course was to follow. Other courses I have taken were too overwhelming - too much information was thrown at us at once. This course assumes you have no working knowledge of the subject and appropriately exposes you to the basics. I also loved the book; it was such an easy read. Sometimes not enough information was given in the chapter so you will need to look up supplemental material but all this is provided with the course. Dr. Chuck keeps the classes fun and interesting. You can tell he loves what he does. "
"I'm a complete beginner at Python, (32 year old medical doctor) and I had lots of recommendations about how to learn and what courses.  It is really hard to decide.  I did take advantage of a free week of Dataquest but I have come back to Coursera and am now paying for the course.  Some other platforms might look shiny but they build too quickly, if you are completely new at programming it really needs to be this simple because it's a hard skill to learn, and I also think the order of the lessons makes the most sense.  Having the videos and the book is really helpful.  I'm not planning on a career change, this is just for fun (although I also do medical research so I hope I will use it for that), so we'll see how far I get but I really hope ""Dr Chuck"" is proud of creating this.  I'll be recommending it as the Python beginner course of choice."
"It is a very nice course, easy to understand the basics and the logic of programming as well. I really liked the way the course is structured, it is easy for even those who are new to programming.The course material is good and so are the lectures. I am postdoc in Cancer biology and I deal with a lot of Next gen. sequencing data. We collaborate with a group of Bioinformaticians but, it often takes ages to get the data analyzed. Another problem is that most of them are programmers or biostatisticians who do not understand the biology. So, I was looking for a course which will help me learn Python (the programming language used for Bio-data analysis) where being a biologist will give me an advantage and also save time.This course was just perfect. Thank you Team Py4e and especially to Prof. SeverenceBest regardsDr. Lahiri Kanth Nanduri"
"y4e is a great introductory level course and you will learn Python programming from scratch. This course not only opened the gate of Python programming for me but also enhanced my understanding of programming in general. I love the virtual face-to-face way that Coursera presents the course. The classroom-style learning environment they created, even if it is virtual, helps you concentrate better on the lecture and materials and be more efficient along the way of your learning. I really enjoy the way Dr. Chuck conveys the course content to the audiences. Dr. Chuck truly knows how to teach - he utilizes some unique teaching techniques and skills to make everything in the course content impressively easy to understand. This is a great course for beginners. I would recommend it to all my friends who are eager to learn Python.  "
"I really liked this course by prof. Charles Severence. He is really good at teaching. He uses humour to teach ya which is a good thing because u can study for hours without getting bored. The course needs a little introduction to any other programming language like C++ or C  to learn this because what u gonna learn is new language which not many people know, it is new and quite complex than other languages(I mean programming languages XD). So, u need a base in which u r good enough to relate python to and understand the difference and complexity of python. In all, this is a very good course which u can take to become a pro in python. ADVICE:: Take python for everybody course only if u r a newbie to programming but in any case, if think that u know basics of any other programming language take the specialization one. TNX"
"I have been self teaching myself programming for many years. But I have never really specialized in anything. It's always been a little knowledge here and there for various languages. The problem was that after time I would forget some important syntax for each of those languages. So I decided that I wanted to, for lack of a better word, ""master"" a language, and I decided on Python.

This course did very well at going over the basics, I thought I would blow through this first course and learn nothing since I have been programming for years, but it was wrong. Although I did blow through the course in a couple of days. The instructor 
Charles Severance's way of explaining things has made me view the code differently, and has helped me write more efficiently as a result. I can't wait to get into the more advanced classes."
"Excellent introduction to Python for me--someone with limited prior coding experience, but strong Excel and math backgrounds.  I enjoyed the core and optional lectures and found them to provide excellent instruction on using Python.  I would have liked more assignments which would help to reinforce the instruction and get the syntax locked in.  I will probably try to find separate sources for getting the additional practice I need to achieve these objectives.  As a side note, one-third of my total course time was spent trying to figure out how to get atom to recognize Python.  Evidently, it is a path issue which can be solved with defining a path with some code I don't understand or by checking a path box when you load Python.  I figured out the latter and reloaded Python, but it was a lot of time spent on this issue."
"Hello Professor!Just wanted you to know that this course have helped me gain more confident as I am drop-out student who still struggles to compete with peers who has higher degree. Although I am blessed to obtain trust from the management to head a team in a multinational company, my insecurity sometimes does comes out and I still always feel people doubt my knowledge. I have been wanting to learn to code for a very long time, but I always too scared to get started as a lot of programmers seems super smart and I thought I will never be like them.  The way you introduce the course and all materials are entertaining & easy to digest/understand. Your lesson destroyed my belief that programming is scary. I will continue this lesson as a challenge for myself and to prove myself that I can also program. Thank you again!"
Great course to learn the basics of Python. Even though I had studied C and C++ earlier this was my first computer course as such. It gives you a good flavor of the way one should learn programming. Dr. Chuck's lectures are exceptionally interesting. I would however like to suggest that some non-graded worksheets could be provided in the duration of the course so that discussions may also take place in the forum. But the textbook provided has sufficient exercises and practice questions but arent discussed in the forums. Overall a very informative and interesting course and will definitely teach you enough to carry forward the knowledge to grasp higher and more complex concepts of programming especially with the help of the textbook that is provided with the course. Thank you so much Professor. Im deeply grateful. 
"I have programming background due to my BS in Digital Systems/Robotics, and this it is the most comprehensive introduction I've had to a programming language. Most of my courses, and teachers thought we had previous knowledge, even if it was an introductory course. That's why I recognize this course as the most basic way to enter a programming language, and anyone can grasp the concepts in this first course. On the other hand, persons with previous knowledge like me, but with no knowledge of python is a good way to remember the simple things when you started. Also it helps you to slowly get to know the syntax, and you may finish the activities in record time due to you logical thinking of previous knowledge. Finally, gives you an idea on how to help introduce people with no previous knowledge to programming."
"Hello, I am glad that I am getting this course from one of the (Best) Author of Python Book. I am really happy with the contents & teaching style that made me so confident about coding in Python. Contents are helpful, discussion forum clarifies  many doubts & the deep understanding of each module in this course make it a perfect choice for anyone to who even does not know 'A' of Python's Alphabet or of any coding language can start & learn to code. Good initiative by Author & Mentor. Please provide many such courses in near future so that we can learn best from Top University which is anyway not possible for students like us with financial problems! We learn many things from home & from Greatest University like in this case University of Michigan! Thanks for all work for making this course available online."
"It is a wonderful experience to have these kinds of lectures.  Dr. Charles way of presentation of the content draws attention of all types of students according to me. It gives the student the idea of how a programming languages is taught in addition to learning the programming itself. As a teacher in the university level I am very thankful to Dr.  Charles Severance, Coursera and University of Michigan for giving such an opportunity to learn how to teach Python rather than learning it.The quizzes and assignments during the course are little bit challenging. Short videos make sure students attention. Students get opportunities for creating their own codes during assignments. I appreciate Dr Charles and his team for these. I enjoyed it through out.And one more thing, the 'try/except' is new to me. Thank you."
"I am just finishing the second part of the Python for everybody specialization ""Data Structures"", I have found this course very interesting, since the first part (getting started with python) I found this familiar with R language because it can be run line by line and it does not require a compiler, additionally I tried to develop a program to do some tasks for me (and more efficiently) while learning python and the helps me move forward. Let me be clear, this course is not difficult, Dr. Chuck has a good way to teach this course, I am doing other in parallel that I have found I little boring but still interested as well, I have a tight schedule and that is why I need from time to time a motive (find usefulness of or practice what I have learned) to keep me moving forward with this courses. give it a try!  "
"I just wrote something about the course allowing the student to access a few various coding exercises (that act, look and feel like the real practice graded exercise) that could appear before each of the chapter graded test exercises. I know that it would require more content, but it would loosen the student up just to have some super simple practice exercises for each chapter that aren't graded so the student could  just to get used to typing variances of code (mostly all the nuances of syntax) and allow them to repeat the same code layout in a non-judgmental way just to see if other variances of similar code could produce a very similar outcome. I don't know if this makes sense... I guess in a nut shell, just letting the student goof off more and try coding the chapter exercises in different ways??? :)"
"Full disclosure, I blew through this in a couple of hours so this is not the perspective of a true beginner. However, that being said I think it's a great introductory course for someone who is a beginning programmer. The instructor puts programming terms and ideas in very relatable and visual language, which is extremely helpful. It's very easy to get abstract and esoteric with programming concepts, so the fact that he keeps it grounded is great. I'll also say that the instructor has a laid back and friendly style that makes the subject seem less intimidating. He's funny and occasionally goofy and I think technical subjects need that kind of approach when they're geared towards beginners. I'm going to continue this course series to shore up my fundamentals and I'm very excited to see how it evolves."
"    The professor provides detailed and clear
instruction of the basics of Python and clarifies our notion of some concepts
where most beginners might make a mistake based on his ample teaching
experience. It lowers the entry barrier for students like me who studies in
business school.    Although I have been taken a Python course at school,  some vague understanding then has been
fortified through this online course. For instance, how to define a function
with parameters, the meaning of parameters and the relationship between
arguments and parameters, were the concepts that confused me in function
building. Furthermore, loop control was another difficulty for me to get
through. All the topics mentioned above is clarified now, so if you get some
related problems, this course will bring you a lot."
"  This course is very helpful. I have enjoyed this whole journey of learning. I would like to thank Foundation For Excellence and Coursera for giving me this much needed opportunity. I also thank University of Michigan for it's outstanding course material, lectures and videos. I also appreciate teaching methods of my guide, Charles Severance. He truly put all the herculean efforts  in creating 'Python for Everybody'. Thank you so much all of you. You all helped me a lot to build my career in a proper way. I just want to request you that it will be very kind of you if you can allow us to access this material whenever we want, even after the completion of the whole course as it will help us to revise all the matter just before the placement session beginning. This is my only request to you."
"I'm a complete beginner (my IT experience limited to Word and web browsing) and was apprehensive about learning any code. But thanks to Severance's clear explanations I feel like I've learned so much, I've a long way to go but and I'm really hungry to learn more and want to keep going.  I completed the course in 3 weeks (about 30 hours) but I think I'd better go back and try some assignments again to really get my head round them. The forums could be better organised and utilized but I couldn't have completed the course without them. I recommend everyone to follow Severance's advise and use a text editor like Atom and run your assignments in Command Prompt (this is clearly explained at the start and in worked assignments). It seemed a bit of hassle at the start but was well worth it. "
  I have completed the course and I found it great. I do think it is a bit slow if you have programming experience in other languages. The instructor Charles Severance explains the important concepts with emphasis and that helps build in ones brain a highlight of things to do or not do. Also the bonus videos are great to either get a backstory on python or the tech world in general. Overall this is a great course.Just for fun: If anyone from the construction of this class is reviewing this comment - I do think the macarena example has not 3 but 4 mistakes. 3 syntactical mistake but 1 mistake is in the steps itself where the left hand is on the right shoulder then the right hand is on the left shoulder. The next step where the left hand goes to the back of the head cannot be performed.  
"Dr. Chuck is da man!  Awesome class.  Dr. Chuck touched upon all the nuances of basic Python that most students are too embarrassed to ask about but which are nevertheless mission-critical to effective programming.  This capacity to address unspoken concerns both in presentations and assignments is one of the secrets of a good MOOC professor since students can't ask questions.This class is especially useful for those students who just completed codecademy.com's Python class since it explicitly addresses several issues that weren't addressed there.  Finally, no one can rival Dr. Chuck's ability to access celebrity programmers whose presence adds an important dimension of context and helps students feel like they already belong to the international community of coders.  Job well done."
"In my opinion Dr. Chuck one of the best teacher in the world for Python. Course was amazing and it is very easy to understand for everybody even if you don't have any programming background. I couldn't realize that how quick this course finish and it gives me really good starting knowledge for Python. Content of course was also great and examples are giving sufficient information every week. Quizzes are measuring in a good way to your knowledge and if you have any mistake you quickly realize that what was the wrong.  Conclusion, thank you very much Dr. Chuck you have helped me a lot! For sure I will use this Python programming language for my new carreer and I will improve myself all my entire life. I am appreciate for this opportunity and waiting for you office hours in Turkey!"
"This course is very basic, teaching you fundamental sequential, conditional, and looping expressions of Python. The materials are assembled and arranged very nicely. If you are curious how this course translate to the undergraduate course that can be taken in some best Universities, well this course is roughly like 1/4 of the materials that is covered in an undergraduate Python course. The whole series of five courses here on Coursera probably count towards one undergraduate course in a prestigious school such as Carnegie Mellon University. Though this course is very good, explaining the basic materials very well, this course alone cannot make you a real Python programmer. You probably need to register the whole specialization to have a entry level feel of a Python programmer"
"Whatever level you are at programming, you will learn something new with this course because of the amazing teaching style provided by Dr. Chuck. Takes a seemingly complex subject and makes it incredibly simple and comprehensible to everyone! LOVE LOVE LOVE this course and any course taught by Dr. Chuck.  This is part of an entire specialization.  The only thing that is really lacking is an in-depth discussion of OOP.  He briefly touches on it so that you know to go and look at it on your own time, but I wish he touched on it a little more. Nonetheless, 5/5 on this course. Thanks Dr. Chuck and supporting staff that make this course worth taking. The forum is still ACTIVE and if you run into problems a TA will be there to help you out! Critically to anyone's style of learning."
"
I'm used to other programming languages such as C and C+, I have been 
told that Python is one of the easiest, most understandable programming 
languages and I can confirm that is true.  At first I was a bit slow in 
this class, but as time goes, the teacher makes it easier to follow and 
makes it interesting.  The videos are not long, so I definitely found 
myself throughout the lectures. Although I was expecting more practices,
 I think with the basic I acquired, I can move on by myself. The topics 
are quite enough for beginners!!! Another thing I like about the class 
id how the teacher bring us to the programming world with his interviews
 with Guido Van Rossum, the creator of Python himself and with Massimo 
Banzi, co-founder of Arduino project. I really ENJOYED!!!
        

"
"Thank you for Dr. Charles! it's the first time in my life to really finish an online course delivered in English and it's extraordinary that the way it delivers can be so simple and systematical. Homework can really inspire me to review what I've been learning. By the way, English skills get improved.I really appreciate many comforting word set at the very beginning. When you see ""Syntax error"", it doesn't mean you are not suitable for programming language or you are a bad guy. It simply means Python can't understand your language. on the way to learn, finding something wrong is just because Python is not smart enough, you have to find more accurate words to communicate better. That must be great help for a beginner like me. Many Thanks!  Fresh Pythonista, Shizhe Chen."
"The course has very nice tools to help you check your code. Although I had a bad time installing python at first, eventually I could made it run both on windows 10 and mac os Sierra. I highly appreciate Dr. Chuck´s humor, not only is highly unusual to joke so much in a class, but needed for something as black&white as a programming class can be. I do have one HUGE advice for the course,  do the little problems in the video. Each video has several structures and ways of doing things, do them each, and squeeze them. You will need it to fully understand more complex problems. I wish the course would do a lot more short reviews, instead of a general review after each video. Continuing evaluation is critical to get more feedback and improve significantly. Best of Luck !"
"Dr. Chuck is the most encouraging and entertaining teacher I have ever met!!! He really makes learning about computer and programming easy and fun! And he makes a great Prof. Snape impersonation! :-)Most importantly, Dr. Chuck intentionally included many mistakes in his teaching materials. As a self-taught programmer who has struggled on one's own, I believe this is the most valuable part of the lectures. The students get to understand from the very beginning how to read error messages and tracebacks, how to debug, how not to be intimidated by mistakes and failures, and how to become a confident programmer. This should be THE teaching model for programming in any language!Thank you, Dr. Chuck! And I look forward to learning more from you in our follow-up courses!"
"This was my very first experience programming. I come from a social sciences & journalism background and although I've always wanted to learn a bit of coding, the idea of it always kinda scared me. But Charles Severance is an amazing teacher and the first chapters are quite intuitive. I wished that maybe teaching assistants were a bit more present, because it can be extremely discouraging to get stuck in some exercises and not receive timely support. When this happened to me I almost quit - but thankfully the learning community is quite active and other colleagues were able to support me as well. My advice is to go for it and and reach out for help if you need it!  I recommend it to all programming enthusiasts, who wished they knew anything at all about python."
"
This is an excellent beginner's course. The teacher Charles Severance is amazing. This was
 my first MOOC and I am glad it was this one. I had self-taught myself a
 bit of programming earlier so none of the material came as a complete 
surprise, but I am sure even beginners can follow everything very 
easily. I plan to complete the entire specialisation based on my 
experience with this course.

The only gripe I have is that because I was auditing the course I could 
not see all the assignments. I can understand not getting graded or 
provided a certificate if I am not paying for it, but at least I 
should be able to see the assignments and solve it on my own. Right now I can only see the quizzes but not the programming 
assignments.

Highly recommended course!
        

"
"Wonderful coursera course by Prof Charles Severance (a.k.a. Dr Chuck). He speaks clearly, explains well, draws well, and is very witty too ! ( Wearing a soft-felt floppy hat to emphasis quirky Python syntax). Altogether Dr Chuck is a very engaging and instructor who makes learning fun. His assignments are also well-designed, especially those in the Auto-Grader (full of trick questions which I had to keep trying before I hit on the right answers when I saw through the ""tricks"" which made me chuckle) I am very happy that Dr Chuck is my instructor for my first coursera course which rekindles my joy in learning.  I will continue learning programme online, because my first online programming course is very well-taught by Dr Chuck.  Thank you very much, Dr Chuck !"
"Great for beginners. I had no experience with programming at all before I started this course. The lector is amazing. Make it understandable even for non-native speakers.The graded assignment are sometimes big challenge. I spent sometimes 2 hours to get them done (I made stupid mistakes in the code). The Teacher would have it done in 5 minutes for sure. What I like is they push you to thing by yourself and solve all the problems by yourself ( you can use of course the video lecture ). I hate it on the beginning, that there is no tutorial (step by step) for every assignment. But in the end I'm really grateful for this and kind of proud on me. It gave me motivation and enthusiasm to next classes.Thank you University of Michigan and Coursera for this Course."
"I am totally fulfilled by learning the course of Python, programming for everybody. It brings me a brand new world and aids me to concentrate myself on the basic programming knowledge. The programming skills that I learned from this course ,  the relevant reading materials and bonus videos are quite intriguing and these are an efficient way to link individuals with the outside world. Moreover, the study atmospheres and the teaching settings are pretty scientific and rigid which can help to promote my efficiency on getting started with Python. I would like to express my gratitude for Doctor Charles, for his dedication, we the students of Coursera can get in touch with the first-hand or the latest information on Python. Much appreciated, thanks a lot. : )"
"  A really good place to start learning about programming. Simple, precise and easy to implement. I would highly recommend it to anyone who wants to learn programming / python (w/o any background in programming) or someone who wants to start learning more about how we can use programming languages like Python as an effective and efficient tool for data analysis. If you are looking for motivation to commit to learning more about programming , data analysis / to understand importance of being competent in programming and dabbling in tech related studies - just watch (especially the last few minutes of) the Bonus videos in Week 5 Interview wirh Massimo Banzi: The Arduino and Week 2 Interview with Eben Upton: The RaspBerry Pi. Thanks a lot Dr. Chuck and team!  "
"Finally made programming ""click"" for me after trying several courses. I feel very, very enthusiastic about this course. I would recommend this to anyone who is computer literate enough to be studying online in the first place. Dr. Charles Severance is an expert in the subject (as far as my newbie self can tell) and he is clearly, beyond the shadow of a doubt, an expert in the delivery of this sort of complex material in a way that beginners can understand. He is also charismatic enough to be pleasant to watch, which matters since most of the course are videos of him talking. Besides being easy to understand, the material becomes useful and real-world applicable marvelously quickly. This is really a phenomenal course. I highly, highly recommend it. "
"I liked the course.I did it very fast as I do have a programming background.I liked the lecturer and the way of how the lectures material was provided. However, the course could have been improved if some extra materials like code listings or some stuff like ""python reserved words"" chart were saved and available along with the video materials.You can find all of these in internet or while reviewing the video materials for sure, however once you have to recall smth from the course very fast - you have to either go through video or go through google. It is not a problem, it is just some kind of UX flaws as of me.In general, I liked the course and I would highly recommend it for anyone who wants to feel the taste of programming in Python. Thanks!"
"Well, I wanted to learn python though I am from electrical engineering. Though I am not from computer science background, it was quite easy to learn python by this course. I liked most about the course that the design of the course. Because of this, any non-computer science backgrounded people can learn python effectively and easily. The Instructor was good enough to make me learn things interestingly. The way he explains python is effective to catch things to my brain. I loved to do the assignments, I loved solving these programming problems. Doing these assignments actually helped me to learn the lecture provided & implement the knowledge of python. This was my first course taken online and I am pretty much happy about Coursera's courses."
"


People use Python for many purposes: to make games, build web services, 
to solve business problems, to work with sensors, drivers and robots. 
Python is also used heavily in scientific fields for academic research 
and applied work. 


Python is an incredibly efficient language: your programs will do more 
in fewer lines of code than many other languages would require. 


Py4inf and Python explained by C. Servance, is a great developing
 of the foundations in programming (first two courses) that will serve 
you well for the rest of your life, as well as a course that will give 
you a sort of try to understanding of what great things python can do 
for you.I strongly recommend this course for anybody, who wants to start with informatics."
"The course ""Python for Everybody"" is a wonderful
course and provides sufficient knowledge about the  Python Language. It helps the learner to know
the basics of Python including Variable, data-types, expressions, operators,
loops, conditional statements, functions etc. Also the explanation given by the
professor Chuck is very easy and understandable. He used very good examples to
get you into the flow with the programming. The quiz and the assignments are also
very helpful to check our understanding and revise the things learnt so far
during the course work. And the best thing about the course is that a person
with no prior experience in programming can understand the whole course very
comfortably. Really enjoyed learning this course."
"I really enjoyed this course. The material was well organised and the video lectures interesting and engaging. The course is an introduction to Python and as such it is suitable for beginners, even those with limited previous programming experience such as myself. Dr Severance is very good at explaining the contents and illustrating the theory with simple and clear examples. Something that I liked as well is the free eBook made available by Dr. Severance that covers pretty much the contents of the entire specialization. I also enjoyed additional videos made available containing interviews with famous IT professionals such as Pooja Sankar, Massimo Banzi (the inventor of Arduino) and especially Guido van Rossum, the inventor of Python. "
"Prof. Charles Severance is one of the most awesome professors I've learnt from. He teaches extremely well, adds a Dr. Chuck touch to it with his impeccable sense of humor, and gets his message through to us students. (AND.. I absolutely love Snape; may Alan Rickman's soul rest in peace). I am looking forward to the next part of Programming for Everybody (with Data Structures in Python). The thing I appreciate most about this course is that it is completely open to all, from the quizzes and grading to all the course material. This way, people like me can learn happily learn such in-demand subjects & programming languages, without having to worry about paying a fee. I would like to extend a sincere thanks to you all for the same."
"I have tried to take a few of the free online courses in Python and none compare to the teaching methods of this course. It moves so eloquently that anyone can learn Python through this course, even me. It does not jump to long confusing lines of code or randomly introduce functions/features not discussed. Rather, it sticks to small lines of code to get the point across until you are comfortable with it. the tools achieved in this course are valuable for anyone in any field needed to analyze and/or manipulate data.  I have recommended this course to friends and family attempting to learn. Thank you so much Dr. Severance!Note - If you are already familiar with Python this course would not be worth while; it is a beginner course. "
"A very solid and useful course for anyone interested in learning about programming in general. The professor is very engaging and quite easy to follow, he has an amazing way of explaining things and making everything look so interesting. The online book that accompanies the course is also very well-written, and is a welcome addition to the already informative video lectures.The only drawback I might add is that the course is very simple for experienced programmers that want to get an introduction to Python. I believe though that the next courses in the specialization will cover more advanced topics, and that sacrifice had to be made since it is after all an introductory course aimed at people with zero programming experience."
"it was a great course. Mr. Chuck, knows how to teach quality material to the masses. i would only suggest that on the programming assignments, it would be best if the instructor doesn't write half of the code. one reason is that having some of the code written would make that student think that the piece of code provided must be a part of the whole code. and as i worked on the programming assignments i realized that much of the code provided wasn't needed, in fact it took me longer than necessary to solve the assignments because i kept using the code provided, and upon solving the assignment none of the code that was provided was a part of the code i wrote. ....on to the next course. Data Structure. thank you coursera and UM."
"This course was a very nice introduction to programming in Python and it helped me understanding the way we should think in order to program successfully. The material provided is clear and well-organized, and the teacher is very good. Moreover, the step-by-step assignments are very useful as they make you open your mind in a gradual and confident way. When I was at university, where I attended some preliminary courses about other programming languages, it often happened that the level required in the exercises was instead too high with respect to the material provided during the lectures. Summing up, I really appreciated this first course, although I would suggest to add some other assignment to practice a little bit more."
"The professor made the content easy to understand. As a beginner, this course introduces programming in a very thoughtful way. It keeps me focus on the right things so that I did not get freaked out at the beginning when the working environment looks very different from the experience of an end-user. And it step by step build up my understanding in programming elements. I signed up this course with rather strong motivation (my ultimate goal is to run statistical simulation and develop statistic packages for other users), so when I see the course introducing the elements I did not understand at all before, I can see the power behind those programming building blocks. Hence, this course really made me wanting to program more! "
"This course gives a great foundation for understanding how to synthesize and read basic Python code and functions. It sets you up for learning how to work with data in the following course. I am a GIS student currently in a Geocomputation class with a massive learning curve of experience with coding/compsci, GIS, web development and so forth. Going into geocomp with this foundation was a lifesaver and the only reason I can follow along in class. Charles Severance explains things in a way that even complete novices (me) can understand. The worked exercises videos were a great help when I got stuck. I've referenced these videos for my class multiple times. I find it valuable that the skills I've learned are so transferable.  "
"Python is not my first programming language, so for me this course was mostly about learning Python syntax and semantics, getting prepared for the next courses in the same Python specialization (working with data structures, etc). I really enjoyed the course, especially the way Dr. Chuck explains the attitude you should approach programming with; it's also nice that the lectures have a bit of personal touch, not only the dry material, but also interesting interviews, videos of office hours, introduction of the university of Michigan, fun moments and other: it all makes you feel you are present in the classroom with the lecturer. Overall, very happy with my first Coursera course and can't wait to proceed to the next one!"
I finished this course faster than expected with no prior knowledge about programming and I recommend it for anybody who wants to start with programming as it is very well structured with many helpful videos and step-by-step instructions on how to start programming in Python 3.0 and quickly understand the fundamentals of coding.Tip1: Buy the papercopy of the book too and read there all the extra bits as it will come really helpful later (for quick search just use the free pdf of the same book).Tip2: Write down in your text editor all the codes and try to run-test every example to faster understand how things work and don´t be afraid to ask for help as it will just speed up the learning process.Totally recommend! :)
"It's a great course where as they say it's the nutshell. It's somehow a slow-paced course, but if you walk through it with your own pace it would be a great course for you. I've
got the basics of programming with python language in nearly a week as as this
course has a lot of content as it's easy to go through it especially if you've
already have another programming language like c or c++ or whatever. As the
instructor said, it's only the first baby steps or I quote ""a part of two
main parts"" to get to know who really a programmer is and what he can do
with coding. So, thanks for this great course I hope everyone gets the chance
to study it as it will help a lot in a programming or a computer scientist
career."
"Learning the basics of programming computers using Python has been fun in the past few weeks. Though I wasn't completely new to Python and programming as such, it was an exciting experience being though the nitty-gritty details that make the knowledge stronger.Charles Russell Severance (Ph.D.) of the prestigious University of Michigan made brought it down as low as it could get in order to build a firm foundation in programming.I will recommend this course to anyone who needs to dive into programming and contemplating where to start from. The course has no pre-requisites and avoids all but the simplest mathematics. Anyone with moderate computer experience should be able to master the materials in this course."
"For those who all are thinking of how and where to start learning Python, this is the right place.  This introductory course is excellent course.  I hope i need not say that a course don't become excellent on its own it need people to make it excellent and Prof. Charles and his team have indeed done an excellent job.I wish to continue learning with Prof. Charles and am looking forward for the advance my learning of Python and if possible other programming languages.This is the best time to be alive for those who want to continously learn and advance in life, thanks to platform like Coursera and the people involved in their mission to bring this vast amount to knowledge to the general public at large.Thank you"
"This course is a well-introduced course for all ages and professions. With the modern world expanding and discoveries made every day, its important that people understand some form of computer science or programming. The teacher, Charles Severance, stresses this point as this course is ONLY centered toward future programmers or rather as common people and professions from astronauts to bankers through a variety of puns, jokes, and fun music. Overall, this course is very helpful and impactful, as the instruction is very thorough and simple with LITTLE AMOUNTS OF TIME REQUIRED. By the end of this course, one with completely no background with programming should be sufficient in creating his or her own program."
"I am very fortunate to take this course. I am really passionate about programming and I was learning programming concepts from YouTube but never found such a detailed and very basic course which really removed lots of confusions in my mind. After taking this course I got the right understanding of control flow of the Python programming language and I am sure because now I do understand the basics of programming and how they actually work at the back-end I am sure I can learn other programming languages with ease and at much faster pace. I also request Coursera community, team and the management to please let me take this complete series for free as I really want to learn but I can't afford any fee. Thanks"
"I started Coursera with a course in AI and Machine learning only to find out that I was in way over my head. realizing I needed some basic programming skills, I headed over to this course knowing that Python is one of the most use languages right now in programming. As a non-programmer/software engineer-type, this has been an amazing course. Dr. Chuck breaks things down for the average person so you can start understanding how things are done but also WHY they are done (which is more important in the beginning IMO). I'm now walking through the entire section (6 courses) with the end goal to make it back to that AI and Machine learning course and understand it far better. Thanks, Coursera! (and Dr Chuck!)"
"My favorite part was the approach taken in this course. You checked a solid issue I had faced as a beginner in programming back in the day, which was the perspective with which one must approach the syntax errors any programming language (in this case Python) throws at you. One must be positive, understand that the language is, as stated in the course, truly 'lost', and we must make the instruction a bit more clearer to retrieve the desired output. Also, the structure is very friendly for anyone from a non CSE background as well. So proud to have taken your course, there is a learning on an academic as well on a personal front. Thank you for sharing how one must approach a subject one intends to teach. "
"Really an exceptional course.  Instructor did a great job, and by taking good notes I managed to complete every assignment on my own, without help - which is unusual for online courses.  The automated graded system is accurate but brutally exact, so be careful when submitting because something as simple as an extra space in one of the responses is enough to trigger an error (but fortunately usually very easy to fix).  Another perk is that for people coming from a background in R, like myself, the latest version of Python - 3 - is closer to R than previous versions in terms of syntax, so it's a pretty easy transition.  For everybody else this is a great starting point.  Highly recommend this course!"
"This course is very useful and astonishing for people who are starting 
or want to start programming on Python. It contains basic information 
and does not require any knowledge about programming. So, classes are 
brilliant for beginners! 

Furthermore, Dr. Chuck is a significant teacher and his lectures are 
able to inspire almost anybody. Additional materials inside the course 
are interesting and give listener an opportunity to think about 
programming in general, about an essential role of programming in modern
 age of technology. 

Exercises are exciting and helpful. 

I am strongly recommending this course for everybody who wants to get started with programming or just get new useful skills. 
        "
"First Time A Programming Course is This Interesting! Most of my previous tries to learn Python have hit a dead end as at some point, I lost interest. I felt that the previous courses I had taken before were talking to someone behind me. In some cases, the course was too easy. It left no room to think. Some times, the courses were too hard. As in, the instructor teach something very easy and expect you to do something 10x hard. This course was of the right pace. Dr. Charles Severance gives you all the tools you need. I felt like riding the ""Python bike"". I fell, yes, but knew what to do to do better next try. Thanks a lot to the course! Will definitely continue with the rest of the modules. . . "
"It is one of the best online courses,I have ever taken.Our instructor Dr.Charles is a spectacular person with his awesome knowledge and versatility.Sir's teaching style was soo lucid and simple. This course is one of the best basic Python course for beginners without any  basic stuff.
         I highly recommend everyone especially beginners who doesn't have a knowledge of programming and can assure them  that at the end of the course they will be ready to tackle the world of programming languages with a new confidence level. Its really a worthy course.Just give it a try and see the changes in the perspective of programming that one adopts  during the course time,which is really mind blowing."
"It  is a great course for beginners, Dr. Chuck is highly enthusiastic in his approach.  The course starts from the basics, the explanation to install the software and starting with python was explained very well.  The course covers each topic we need to start with Python. The way  professor makes things interesting is really commendable. I highly encourage students to take this course who are just starting to program, this course gives a flavor of all the important topics required to start python. 
The bonus videos were also interesting. I feel that there should be more assignments. Apart from that this course was really helpful for me to start programming and motivated me to study further."
"This course gives a perfect start if one is new to python. The video lectures are perfectly explained by Charles Russell Serverance and the best part of this course was the bonus associated with every chapters in which students get to know more about many great people about whom we used to study, here i got opportunity to listen to them and get many more industrial knowledge through them and the assignments and the assignment tool to execute the code was also a very perfect part of the course and moreover finantial aid is available for this course so that anyone who wants to learn get an opportunity to learn, this is a very great initiative took by Coursera it is the best part of Coursera.
"
"  This course was presented in a very interesting way, some of the basic concepts were discussed in various depth.The instructor is very good at teaching programming. With well structured assignments and quiz this course is perfect for the beginners and intermediate level leaning of Python.The bonus materials like interview with Guido, CEO of Coursera, Pizza, Arduino etc are extremely entertaining and gives an overview of the current state of technology and entrepreneurship.The course contains various examples and tips to perform different tasks using Python - which without a doubt shall be useful in the future.Overall this course is very informative, conceptual, motivating for the learners.  "
"Great intro to python for non programmers.I have experience with programming and Python; was looking for a refresher, so I ended up finding this remedial (not surprising). Ended up breezing through the content in a weekend on 2x speed.With that said, this class is an excellent introduction to programming and python. Anyone should be able to pick Python up from this class.However, the only downside to this course in my opinion is that the programming assignments are trivial. In order to start thinking in terms of algorithms, you need to program. If you supplement this class with some programming challenges (which should be easy to find online), this will be a great way to get into Python."
"It would have been better instead of watching the lectures first, then doing the exercises or assignments, we can code at the same time the lecturer is speaking. It is hard to concentrate on a talking head, when the subject matter is coding. We also need to know what are the correct answers to the quiz questions that we got wrong so as to be able to learn from it. Other than that, the course is taught in a logical way, pitched at the right level for beginner coders, and in general, enjoyable. Thank you very much to Prof. Severance and the team at the University of Michigan for creating the course. I am still torn between whether I should move on to the next lecture series in the course. "
"This is an excellent course to learn the very basic of programming. If you have any previous programming background and just want to learn Python syntax and grammer you will be able to go quickly through the lectures and focus on excercising the code.If you don't have previous experience, you might struggle a little bit to figure out the basics - in that case make sure you don't only watch the lectures but also read the class' book as you progress.The instructor, Prof. Severence, is absolutely brilliant! The lectures are carefully constructed to take you step by step along the way and his way of teaching really makes you feel comfortable and clears up even the more complicated subjects."
"Amazing course, this course also provided video and text book, so i can learn really really fast. I though it's gonna be hard to learn, but after i red the text book and watch the video. This programming language really fast almost like Javascript, but better and the syntax is syntactic sugar. So during the course, i think the textbook and the video so coherent and clear. So as a student i really appreciated for the lesson about Python. Overall, this course really good. Especially, if you don't have any experiences on programming before, but if you already had it, you should take because it's gonna open up your mind to python and others programming languages.  5 Stars for this course"
"The flow of information in this course was very easily digestible and left me wanting more with each successive lesson.  The segmentation of lectures and quick turnaround from didactic to hands-on learning facilitated my continued engagement. Regarding the instructor, I really enjoyed Charles's presentation style - he didn't try to impress me with his knowledge and never went too fast through the material, but more than that - he also sprinkled in some bonus topics and code features that someone already familiar with coding and algorithmic logic would be able to pick up on. I am thoroughly looking forward to the next series of courses as I continue to build my foundation in Python. "
"I tried to learn Python 2 years ago. But I was naive and studied other courses at the same time. During this time I was also working night shifts. I had to quit all courses when I found a new job and they never amounted to anything. I am so happy that I now have found Coursera and this is my first course at Coursera. I have really enjoyed it and it has had a nice level for beginners and smart exercises which make the student really learn the skillsets previously explained in the chapter. 
I would also like to thank you for releasing the book in ibooks format. This was my first time trying out that format and it made the whole experience so much better and easier.
Thanks again!"
"I really appreciated what I have learned from Dr Charles Severance regarding the Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python). I'm also thankful that I can have a chance to broaden my knowledge from the University of Michigan for the course. I'm truly grateful that I can achieve my accomplishment by completing an online course during this time of COVID-19. Thank you very much. For those of you who have yet to take up this course, I sincerely urged you, from the bottom of my heart, do not hesitate to take up the course. If I have known this course a couple of years ago, I will definitely take up this course without any second thought. See you all in the near future."
"This course (for me) was like learning to understand Shakespeare.  Though I know how to read, I had difficulty comprehending the language behind the poetry.Learning the concepts and thought-process in programming was difficult for me.  Though I have had a dozen programming teachers, and have read a dozen ""Teach Yourself..."" programming books, Professor Severance flipped that switch in my head to illuminate the root of those concepts and theories with regards to programming.  I am more confident now than I have ever been.  Thank you for this course, and thank you for making it and the materials open so that I may share it with others who are interested in learning to program. "
"Very good course for anyone  who has struggled to understand how to program, especially in a self-directed/self-motivated way. This course taught by Dr. Chuck was  broken down into concise simple sections that kept me interested, and I could follow along easily, with just the right amount of complexity in the quizzes and chapter exercises, so as not to discourage me. I've tried to learn computer programming using  Java (inside & outside of a tertiary environment) with very limited success, but switched to learning python because it seemed more intuitive. So while i'm not a complete ""novice"" to programming, this course had the ""Goldilocks Effect"" for me. ""Just right"" :D "
"This class is great! The material, while dense, is explained at length by the professor, and the lectures do a good job of complementing the information in the provided course textbook. In addition to the professor being very down-to-earth and thorough, the mentors are incredibly responsive and helpful when asked for assistance in the forums. My fellow students are also very engaged, and it's a good choice on the part of the course organizers to get us to grade each other's work for the first (optional) assignment. The logic of programming can be very dense and forbidding, but through this course, you will feel like you have a lot of support in learning how to use it."
I am an engineer and I studied one programming course for a different language in university and I totally hated it. I thought to give it a try again and I found this course really simple for beginners even with no programming experience. Prof. Charles breaks down everything to make sure the message is properly conveyed and understood. Great teacher! I definitely know more about programming now compared to before the course. I am planning to continue the rest of the Python courses. I think it is a good idea though to add an extra section (or recommend external resources) for more exercises after each chapter in the course for students who are eager to practice more.
"Loved this course. I especially like the active transcript feature where you can go back to a specific part of the video by clicking on sentences below the video player window- this is really cool.  I also like the arrangement of buttons around a lecture video - it's very intuitive. The ""Save A Note"" feature works very seamlessly (on PC). You just click the button during the part of the video that you want to save and it adds a snapshot of the video to your list of thumbnails. Lastly, I appreciate the progress bars for each week, and the Overview - these do a good job of showing your overall progress so you know where you stand at any given time. Very well designed. "
"It's very very good course. I really advise all people who want to learn PYTHON to get this course now and start with it. This course is very organized, and structured well for learners , an excellent lecturer, also good practices for all .Thank You very much COURSERA . You all have to enroll this course if you start  to learn PYTHON, prepare yourself, and get into this for the future. I hope you all doing well and listen to my advise, it's for free, and you will realize that after doing it. I have to thank Dr. Chuck, he is my best lecturer of this course and this field that I have been met, so take a look on this course on COURSERA, and you will love itSincerely,"
"As a beginner(computer illiterate) in computer science, I had tried pretty hard in searching for the most suitable Python learning materials, but it turned out the contents I found online were nothing close to this program. This course is carefully designed to be a well organized step by step Python journey, it focuses on the basics, the fundamentals and explains the logic behind each arguments, conditionals, variables, etc. If this is your first time learning how to program and you certainly want to have a clear structure of what is going on with each code you type in and why you are typing it, I will recommend you to try it out. Get ready to say ""Hello Python""!!"
"I was a C Programming enthusiast about 12 years ago. Over the years, I had not got a lot of opportunity to code in C (I had been using only ProC rarely, PL/SQL and Unix Shell). This course was very exciting from the beginning. I always wanted to attend classes of professors like Charles. The Idea becomes far fetched when you have a day job to do. I was so excited from the beginning and completing the course and seeing the certificate was icing on the cake. Coursera is a big gift for people like me who wanted to pursue higher education, but could not leave their day jobs due to personal commitment.Thank you to Coursera, University of Michigan and Charles Severance"
"This was a great intro for anyone who has never programmed and very well articulated. Concepts clearly explained. Giving it 5 stars since the effort that has gone into making these videos is poorly understood by people who have not been in lecturing positions - I salute you ! Having been a self taught programmer from the mid 80's on BASIC with Apple 2E's, it is a breath of fresh air seeing this kind of material on the Internet. I had to dig around in libraries which had books (yes paper!). If the youth could rather spend time exploiting this fountain of knowledge instead of hacking away on FPS and Online gaming then we could see some really cool stuff happen :). "
"ery good introduction to basic programming. Very easy for beginners in python who have already some programming background ,Dr. Chuck was so interesting and he has an extra ordinary ideas to capture or grasp things from him without making any doubt on any topics,This course is actually dealing with the basics of PythonI can say that this course will make worthwhile for who have actually going to starts with python. The pace was perfect, it was not so long that it was daunting to finish and it did not take too much weekly free time either. Despite this, I was still able to learn a great deal and am still motivated to continue with the rest of the specialization."
"This was my first course which I took and completed. It took me 2-3 days to complete this course. It was a great experience and I would definitely continue with the specialisation. I really liked the cool and fundamental nature of Dr. Chuck. I really enjoyed the course. His idea of putting web series interview was awesome. it provides a great depth of exposure. I very strongly feel that the most enjoyed moment with my course were my coding assignments. I request the course staff to increase those assignments by 4 times. It was the great experience and I really appreciate the effort.Thanks Everyone for making this happenRegards,Rahul Kumar SharmaBangalore, India"
"I have just finished the course.  As a junior data analyst (with some knowledge in SQL), python is probably one of the best languages to learn. I had a little background in programming, and worked with computers for a few years, so I feel like learning python is a good place to start.  As for the course - I think it was a great platform for me to establish my basic python. It is also my first online course, and I enjoyed this way of studying very much. The course is a great fit for anyone who wants to start developing some sort of skill in programming.  I might not know how the other MOOC courses in python are, but I would definitely recommend taking this one."
"I have audited this course, hence submitting or quizzes and doing assignments were not allowed unless you are ready to pay for this course :-)Dr. Chuck has an amazing teaching style, you will never feel bored, you will always be kept engaged with the easy to understand course-materials.The course is properly designed for the new programmers in python language and is quite easy to learn and digest. Great for the beginners.If you are already a good programmer of some language other than python then this course may not give you much extra in terms of programming but yes learning from Dr. Chuck is a great life-time experience. Thank You for the amazing course."
"I've started and failed to finish, even after two weeks, many on-line MOOCs and thought maybe it wasn't my style.  This one has given me hope I can set up an environment and participate in a class that goes at a reasonable pace.  I enjoy the teaching style and that the lectures are designed for people without a lot of (if any) CS or computing background, which is great for me. I come from the biology field and always wanted to learn programming but never gave it enough time or effort. This class has helped me come a long way from quitting course after course, to now believe that I can finish an entire on line class because it is meeting me at my level."
I have completed this course within 4 days and I had no prior knowledge of programming language.and also I do not belong to a programming or computer science stream in my college. My subjects are PCM still I am learning python because I am highly interested in learning new thing about computer and one day I came to know about programming language then I searched on google and came to know that python is easy and so helpful and friendly language to learn that's why I started learning Python and also my aim is to become a teacher and I want to teach python.This course is really so amazing because Dr chuck has treated so friendly.Just go for this course. 
"This Course is highly recommended for the beginner who wants to learn programming language, specially Python. If anyone is delegated, it will take only 1.5 or 2 weeks to complete. I specially want to mention the Instructor Dr. Chuck, he is from School of Information, University of Michigan and knows how to teach a beginner level students who don't know anything about programming. Moreover, I want to mention another thing that this course is just part 1 and covered chapters 1-5 of the textbook “Python for Everybody”. So, anyone want to complete this course just enroll Specialization ""Python for Everybody"" which is included 5 courses. Happy Learning !"
"Anonymous completed this course.
Doctor Charles Severance is an excellent teacher: he explains programming concepts in a friendly way, references on other parts of programming in a way, that you forget why writing code can be sometimes annoying, (when there is syntax errors, or tracebacks, or in the old days with c++ when the program didn´t compile)., has the ability of binding python with computer history, and has interesting optional videos...

I am really happy to have chosen this course, above other options for diving into Python.

Congratulations, Dr. Severance,,, keep up your brilliant labor as a teacher
#  Anonymous ==  Camilo Ceballos Sierra  "
Wow. the professor is so amazing and makes us immersed into the programming world. I knew much of this course as i knew the basic of C language already. But python was a new language and had many doubts or vague concepts before this course. But Charles cleared all my queries and refreshed every concept. I feel that I am not going to forget all these things for sure as the conceopt got invoked in my brains to last forever. Thank you very much Charles and I highly recommended this course for gteeting a basic knowledge about python. A six out of five course for sure. This course really made me to move ahead with other courses in this specialization.   
  I'm a Mechanical engineering student and when I came to know that I need to learn programming for better opportunities but I used to hate these as well. But choosing python and especially choosing this course helped me a lot to take out my fear of programming . Instructor Charles Russell Severance is extremely amazing in simplifying those programming language into human language. Well explained and well presented. Though it was not one to one interaction but they way he brought the knowledge and fun together is appreciable.Best course with best instructor also I want to thank Coursera and University of Michigan for providing this course.  
"I am a naive programmer. I had been exposed to academic level Matlab programming only. So, I was very afraid of programming and I always looked for an easy mode of escape from programming. as Python programming language is very user friendly , I decided to start from here.Literally this was my first ever programming class. Thanks to our Dear Prof. Chuck that i feel confident about programming in Python. I have known that i do not need very in depth programming language as in our domain of application it would not be required. But now i am thinking of taking whole specialization. Last, but not the least,Thanks coursera for Financial AId."
"I have successfully completed Python for everybody course on Coursera. I learnt basics of python for project. It is a very good start for beginner to enter in modern programming language.  Python is very simple and easy programming language, anybody can learn this. And coursera course on this topic is perfect for good start. I would like to thanks professor Charles Severance for teaching us python in as simple as possible. I really enjoyed this course with Prof. Charles , specially his way of giving examples and funny way to teach. 

I have completed course in 7-days free trial period. Thank you Coursera for this course available to us."
"Dr. Chuck is an amazing instructor who rollouts all the content in an very well structured order, with his own passionate and encouraging style. Throughout the course you can feel that he really cares about your progress. He knows exactly where you may feel frustrated and need to elaborate on.  With his lively interpretation, I even felt less rejected when encountered errors :) I am from business background and never known anything about programming before, but Dr. Chuck easily grabbed my attention from the very beginning. I just couldn't put it down and completed in one week. Will continue with other courses under the specialization. "
"I would say this course is amazing, i really enjoyed this course also I learned a lot from prof. Charles. Before I enrolled in this course, I had half-year learning experience in Java, that's probably why sometimes I was very confused between these two, like construction of while loop and for loop were a little bit different. I think Prof. Charles is pretty funny, and his demonstration is pretty clear and concise. I am just wondering if he could spend more time and examples to illustrate the similarity between python and other programming languages, and difference like applications, that would be better. Anyway, i enjoyed this course!"
"Dr Severance is a gifted teacher. I enjoy all the videos and educational resources very much. I have rarely come across such a charismatic lecturer and mentor and I have over 18 degrees and have studied extensively in many UK and US universitties including Harvard. Dr Severance is indeed the best teacher I have had so far. I am looking forward to the rest of the online classes. Every day after a hard day's work, I enjoy watching the videos and doing the programming tasks. These are excellent classes, very thorough explanations, and to the point. Well done to all the team at the University of Michigan, but especially to Dr Severance."
"I really loved the way this course is organized. All the topics are explained sequentially and none of the basic topic is skipped. Most of the video lectures had programming explanations which helped me to understand better. Although the course covers most important and initial topics, i suggest to have more advanced topics and complex assignments. It is advised to have the code samples and psuedo codes attached in the content so that we can take the reference of it when needed. Overall i would say this course is well suited for beginners in Python and also who are novice in programming. Looking forward to learn more from Coursera. "
"Prof. Charles Severance, OMG he is just an extraordinary teacher, especially the patience and great sense of humor with which he engages students in learning experience, he delivered the course at a truly understandable way for Everyone on the Earth doing justice to the title of course (Programming for Everybody)... I just loved the course, that is the reason, i could finish it in just 3-4 days spending maximum time due to staying at home in view of COVID 19 lock down at India...Once again big thank you to Prof Charles Severance and his entire team and all those fascinating videos of his visits to various places he had been to..."
"Before that course I tried to learn python on youtube and on another site that provide learning online platroform, but they leave me with many, many questions unanswered.This course answered them all. (i.e. What is the difference between ""="" and ""=="", and why is it so important? or Do I have to use ""space"" and ""tab"" on keyboard? or What is the difference between try/except and if/else, isn't it the same?, Why ""elif"", huh? and many, many, many more. )The best programming introduction I can imagine. Dr Chuck and his lectures are great, especially when explaining differences between human thinking and computer thinking.Thank You!"
"I am so excited that i have decided to embark on the journey of learning Python! One of the most common questions we receive from our readers is “What’s the best way to learn Python?”I believe that the first step in learning any programming language is making sure that you understand how to learn. Learning how to learn is arguably the most critical skill involved in computer programming.Why is knowing how to learn so important? The answer is simple: as languages evolve, libraries are created, and tools are upgraded. Knowing how to learn will be essential to keeping up with these changes and becoming a successful programmer."
"Это мой первый онлайн курс в жизни, рада что взяла этот курс на Курсере. Спасибо за этот курс. Отличный преподаватель, прекрасное объяснение, интересные задания. В этом курсе вся информация идет в нужной последовательность, поэтому я не разу не запуталась и отлично усвоила материал. Хотя мой английский язык среднего уровня, мне удалось все понять и выполнить) This curs is first online curs for me. I'm very glad that I take it. Thanks for curs. Teacher is fine, perfectly reasoning, interesting assignment. All information go in rite sequence, I don't wander. Althougth my english is not very well, I may understend and execute."
"  I had done a project using python language before this class , but had not learnt it very well. Through the 'Python for Everybody 'course on Coursers by Professor Chuck ,i have learnt basics of python and really enjoyed coding. Being a Mechanical engineer i was difficult to start coding but the course helped me build interest and work upon the assignments with lots of motivation and willingness .I am very much interested to continue learning through the next course on 'Python data structures'I want to thank Professor Chuck , Coursera team and University of Michigan for making such a wonderful course available.Best Regards  "
"I felt the way Dr. Chuck structured his teaching videos allowed me to keep focus and not get bored.  Dr. Chuck explained the concepts very well! I'm really glad I took this course! I felt doing the assignments really cemented the concepts.   The video interviews with the experts were really interesting to watch and how Python grew over the years.  The quizzes were not hard.  I had taken a C++ course 20 years ago and was not so great at it, now I feel I more confident in programming.  It's all very interesting as I can use what I learned in my work place.  I've told my coworkers to take this course, definitely worth it."
"Love the way Professor is teaching. I am a beginner in programming, so basically I know nothing in this field. But the way professor explains things and the way he introduces programming and python just makes me even more interested in programming. Now, after finishing week 1 material, I am so excited to continue learning this stuff. I was very nervous and stressed about learning programming, but professor just makes me much more relaxed and confident to learn. Thank you so much! I am so grateful that I find this course! This is the perfect start for me. I appreciate all the efforts and time you have put in this class. "
"This course provides you the knowledge of Python from the very basics which is a great thing as I didn't have any coding background. It was amazing to have a great teacher as Charles Severance who made the pieces of stuff easier to understand and quite enjoyable especially while he was describing his hat. Really it was my pleasure to have this course, now I am able to relate to programming in Python and get to the basics of the different terminologies in Python. Overall, I enjoy and learnt different stuff around in this course and had a great time on this course Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)."
"It was a very nice course, Dr chuck Engages you in class very well.I am not from CS background I was an Aircraft mechanic but still i will say : This course teaches you not only very basics of Python But you will know many other programming stuffs as well, Say it as good practices of programming .I completed this course from Coursera And l was  planing go to the site py4e.com to get a advanced knowledge of python.But I found other related courses as well so I will stick back to CourseraOnce again Thanks Dr. Chuck,Its hard for me to pay now for the whole Specialization  Yee I will love to get a free certificate ;-)"
"It was an awesome course. It covered all concepts in python from basics. They provided assignments, quiz,and many more . I had some prior knowledge in Python but this course helped in a quite good revision of the topics before the placement and helped a lot. It provided all information about if ,if else, loops,def ,try except. There were some topics which i could easily gasp well as the teacher explained with some real life scenario and examples of real life people ,completely different from the books. Some bonus videos were also provided, they were fun to watch and refreshed for some time being...Thanks a lot. "
"Great introductory course. Walks you through installing the software and using it, or you can use their browser based Python Playground if you don't want to deal with that.It's very basic. You won't be able to do much after this course, but you will have a good foundation and want to learn more.Time requirement is reasonable. I completed it in about 20 hours across two weeks, and that included getting Python set up on a PC and a Mac and learning how to Git and Github so I could keep my files updated across both of them.Definitely do use the recommended atom.io text editor. It's great, especially if you use Git."
"It's really wonderful course! This course gives a good start in Python. I really recomend you to take it. I enjoyed it, it wasn't boring. Dr. Chuck did a great job and I really thankful for this. I recommend it to people who don't know how to start with programming. The way it was explained it's really easy to understanding. Even if your English not really good (like mine), you can try it. Once you completed this course, you will have an eager to complete a specialization. Anyway you shouldn't stop only on fundamentals of programming but keep going to make something more complex and interesting. Thanks a lot!"
"Very nice lecture and helpful exercises. If you're new to
Python, this is the best course to start with. The basics were properly
discussed and Dr. Charles Severance was able to discussed the topic clearly and
with enthusiasm. Even if you don’t have much background on programming, you can
easily catch up with these lectures. The topics were also divided into several
parts, so you can easily pause for a while and then continue whenever you want.
But all in all, this is one of the best lectures I had. I'm glad I have taken
this course. Will continue to enroll in the next class which is about data
structures."
"largest=Nonei=0smallest=Nonewhile True:             num=input (""enter a num:"")             if num==""done"": break             else:                    try:                          if(i==0):                                 smallest=int(num)                                 i=i+1                          if(largest<=int(num)):                                  largest=int(num)                          if(smallest>=int(num)):                                  smallest=int(num)                    except:                          print (""Invalid input"")print (""Maximum is"", largest)print (""Minimum is"", smallest)"
"I like the way Dr. Severance teaches programming. His teaching is straight forward and very mistake free when you apply what he teaches as he's already talked about the possible mistakes the learners may make. I was a software engineer 15 years ago, and now I would like to learn some new skills and this is the first official time I am back to the programming world. I am very grateful that the first course I started was Dr. Severance's class. Thanks to Coursera as well for putting such quality courses online. I plan to finish the 5-course python specialization and this first course boosts my confidence!"
"If you are a complete noob, this is the place to start. The course is very informative about the basics of Python that is put in a highly simplified manner. The instructor is entertaining and pleasant to listen to. I wish there were more graded projects than what is required. The projects are brain teasers, can be tough until you have the ""aha moment"". Don't expect to ever be given the answer. You must figure it out on your own.I do not like Coursera's video player, it does not have good controls. There is some clunkiness to the GUI, but overall a good experience. Will continue throughout the courses. "
"Having had little to no experience in coding (only a brief two week module using python in my second year of university) and online courses in general, I am so happy that I decided to sign up for this course. Charles Severance is a fantastic lecturer who does an excellent job of helping students to actually understand and apply the thought processes behind coding rather than simply memorising what others have done. The course is perfect for beginners with a slow pace that gives people time to digest what they have learned. I am now looking forward to taking part in more courses in this specialisation."
"I took this course to learn the basics of python for my own personal use, and to develop these skills into data and file manipulation for future career use. I had a little HTML (like, very very little) experience and Visual Basic (.net) experience before taking this course. Having prior coding experience before, this course was very easy for my to get through. However, I am confident that even a non-techsavvy, no prior experience student would have no trouble getting through this course do to how well it was structured. I highly recommend this course to anyone looking into getting started with python. "
"A lovely introduction for someone who has little to no
knowledge of programming. I would attribute this to
Dr Chuck's ability of teaching, e.g. language usage.  Additionally, the way the lecture videos were
broken down, had made things easy to understand, as it gave room for students
to digest each segment. Before enrolling myself, I had gone through low rated reviews;
the pattern I saw was that many had complained the course was too “easy”. Those
who already had pre-existing Python knowledge left these reviews. If you are
like me and had never attempted Python before, this is a good place to start."
"The lectures are
  very well structured and the flow of each lectures flows greatreference support and reading material is
  very satisfyingPresentation support such as drawings,
  slides is very interestingthe way the lecturer teaches is very
  passionate and very interestingthe speed of the lecturer is suitable to
  my ability to listen and comprehendthe voice and pronunciation are clear and
  easy to understandthe material taught is very useful,
  interesting and up to datethis lecture will be very useful for my
  career in the futurethis lecture will be very useful for real
  life in the future         "
"Excellent course, well taught. I don't have a computing background.  Weeks 1-4 felt easy, Week 5 I had to focus, and weeks 6&7 I was pausing a lot and trying to digest the material. Next time  this course is run it may be helpful to spread this material across 8 weeks, so that material in weeks 6 and 7 can be done over 3 weeks. instead of 2 weeks.I would also like to see more exercises (even if not graded) in weeks 5 to 7. E.g. to try out the various new lessons/functions.  Although, on relflection, there was nothing stopping a student trying this out in Atom or in the PY4E playground!Many thanks."
"Upon taking this course, I had zero knowledge of Python, Programming. I always wanted to learn but it always seemed complex.Up stepped, Python for Everybody by the charismatic Dr Chuck Severance. It was different. The course is both easy to understand and very detailed. It is also quite compelling, meaning for someone like me with a relatively weak self-discipline, I did not have to conjure up this ""amazing"" will power to complete this course, it automatically drew me in like a magnet.I thoroughly enjoyed it and would recommend it to any one looking to begin his journey in Python and Programming."
"Although the course 1 is just a beginner's start to the python programming language, but the way it is created will definitely inspire many students to start python programming language seriously and professionally. The worldwide office hours, meetings with other tech person and new technologies introduction etc all are created in a way that nobody can feel alone while taking this course and Its just the start, the other 4 courses in python specialization are must to enroll for professional start. Thank you Coursera, University of Michigan, HEC and Sir Charles Severance for such a amazing course."
"I am an in undergrad course so my review will be valid for all those beginners in programming out there. So first of all for a beginner this course sounds just parfait.For me it taught me how to think like a programmer. In this you have the assignments, regular quizzes for each chapter in the course which is like a revision or kinda tests of what you learnt you actually get introduced to the basics of Python.
This course also gives you bonus by introducing to the people who gave birth to Python, Piazza and some of the important people in the community of Programming

All in all

Thanks Dr.Chucks
"
"Having struggled with Python for more than a year and tried different learning materials, I am so happy with the newbie-friendly teaching approach presented in this course. The first few lectures are very helpful as they demystify the conceptual challenges surrounding Python, programming  and computers in general--effectively breaking down the psychological barrier common in many students new to programming. I like the textbook and the bonus videos very much, as they offer contextual information about Python and how people are using programming in the real world. I am a big fan of the professor!"
"This was my first course to do with any type of computer programming I took. I had been interested in the past to learn python, learned some basic stuff but nothing like this. I know how a base understanding of what Python can do. The professor, Dr. Chuck was humorous which made the class fun, his lectures were on point and didn't give you too much information.  The only negative, is I found myself getting stuck at assignments and having to look for help elsewhere to complete my programs. I hope with the more I continue to learn, I will be able to finish the assignments with my own knowledge."
"I really enjoyed my time with this online experience.  Though I managed to get thru most of the course without having to post a question, I did realize in the end how easy and responsive the course TA's are in follow up. And there is also the community of other students whom I was able to learn from in seeing their questions and answer sessions.  You have no idea how important it was for me to be able to review the material in snippets in my day and then review it again and again so that I could comprehend the nuances of the lessons. Amazing, I wish I had this when I was in my undergrad days.  "
"The course was awesome, well-furnishing and compatible even for those who are are not aware of programming techniques though. In my opinion, if someone is going to start a journey over python then I'll recommend him/her to kindly pursue this course at least as a start, and I know they will love the respected instructor and his course content and his unique way of imparting knowledge as well.The only thing I missed here was, they should add a bit more content, adding up some more concepts to the course so as to match-up with the necessities of a well-contented beginner level course on python."
"Although this is not the first online course that i have ever taken, this must be the most interesting and the most progressive online course for me. I will move on to the subsequent courses. After taking this course, you will absolutely master how to install Python3, how to write .py files and how to run them. Furthermore, you will learn the mechanism of conditional statements, while loops, for loops, functions, etc. It may be a little confusing when you first started this course, but after countinuous learning, you will be interested and immerse yourself in it. This course is worth taking."
"Took the course as a first
step in dealing with big data science.The structure of the
course is at all times comprehensible and it has a rather smooth
narrative. 
The course book is easy to
understand, though at times it feels like it skips some steps. 
The strongest point of the
course is the instructor himself. Having thorough knowledge of the
subject at hand, teaches in a funny and at the same time really
productive manner. In short he teaches as an educator should teach.To sum up, really  good
MOOC programme, gets you ahead in a few weeks time. Will definitely
enroll for the second one."
"  Highly recommended beginner friendly course with great lecturer! I have not taken many CS courses but compared to CS50X, Dr. Chuck Severance is really determined to not only teach python but to make sure students understand and he delivers content in very entertaining way. He even wrote and published the accompanying literature for free online! You can tell from the offline office hours that he really does care about his online Coursera students.In addition I really love the mini interviews with the startup founders and python developer. It really enrich my knowledge about the IT industry.  "
"Very well done course. It's very slow, so if you're looking for something akin to a full time college course, I would take this at either double or triple the pace the course recommends. It's geared towards people who have never developed or really looked at code at all, so if you have, you'll be ahead of the pack. Overall, I enjoyed the course a lot. It definitely covered things from many angles and went through things slow enough for me me to process everything. That said, I was also able to increase the speed of the videos and complete a few weeks in one when I had the time. Fun class"
"Was a really nice experience, it is helpful for check and
reinforce base knowledge for python programming. The instructor explanations
about the different subjects was easy to understand and the examples and test
made helps a lot in the practice of python coding. The course feels friendly
and comfortable, that is makes go through the weeks with high expectation and
keeps the interest in a high level. For people with none or just a few
knowledge about programing, is a great course to start and at least in my case,
encourage me to keep learning and improving my programing skills in python "
"The best thing about this course is the Instructor and the video quality, its easy pace, its content which goes from the following path ---> very very easy - very easy - little easy -  easy - little intermediate, and it goes on... I mean that the instructor is very much student-friendly, not that kind of instructor that just come to the lecture-gets the beginner and intermediate topics mixed up, starts mugging up what he has to teach and just fades away with a piece of paper without any value in our hands(course certificate). Don't just read reviews get your a** off and start working."
"This is a great class for someone who has no experience with Python at all. Dr. Chuck does an excellent job helping you understand the core concepts in a manner that is easy to learn. The lectures are interesting, easy to follow, and full of great material. The quizzes are simple enough but you do have to pay attention in order to get them correct. The assignments were a lot of fun and made you think of how best to incorporate everything you learned. This was a better experience than I have had in other courses I have been through. I am definitely taking the next class from Dr. Chuck!
"
"The course is very good. when i started this course i am thinking it's going to be difficult , but relaxed when completed first week of the course. The main attraction of the course is it's arrangement in a sequence step by step form which makes understanding concepts easy.Each video in the course doesn't tell only how to do program, but also clears the concept of the programs and why we are doing that program.Really any person can learn python through these course even he has a programming background or not. Overall course is so good and helps me in enhancing my programming skills."
"The course is very good. when i started this course i am thinking it's going to be difficult , but relaxed when completed first week of the course. The main attraction of the course is it's arrangement in a sequence step by step form which makes understanding concepts easy.Each video in the course doesn't tell only how to do program, but also clears the concept of the programs and why we are doing that program.Really any person can learn python through these course even he has a programming background or not.Overall course is so good and helps me in enhancing my programming skills."
"I am a research student and working with Matlab Programming currently. Previously I did Masters in Geography and I had a very little experience in programming language as my entire course study was based on theory, statistical applications in geography. Dr. Chuck's lectures really helped my out to learn coding from scratch and at the top of it I am now able to find out my loopholes while I do coding on Matlab background. Definitely I will take more courses from Coursera in future and when I have saved much, I will upgrade my course to get my completion certificates.CheersChandrama "
"I really enjoyed learning this course. Though I am a beginner in programming, I was able to follow, comprehend and apply the contents taught in the course. The instructor stayed true to his vision in making it easy for everyone to learn programming through this course. Additionally taking it on coursera online platform helped me do it at my own pace, pause, take notes and really grasp the content. The assignments were appropriate and interesting.I strongly recommend this course to newbies willing to take the plunge into programming. Python seemed lot more easy to learn and apply."
"Dr. Severance kept everything very clear. I really appreciate that he has mastered the pace required to make sure you don't miss something, even when you think he could go faster. He has also mastered how to explain the translation from human thinking to computer code really well. I have found that other teachers have gone ""native"" with computer thinking and cannot explain it clearly.  Clearly, this course makes you confident to continue on with the rest of the specialization. Note, if you have even a little coding experience, you can do this first course in a week quite easily."
"I'm not new to programming, I'm not new to Python, but I took this course just to see the way Mr. Severace teaches. I loved him! I completed the whole course in literally less than 6 hours of binging and completing the assignments plus the bonus material. A 100% of it. It was almost a quick refresher for me.
If this is your first time into programming, this is the best place to start with. Mr. Charles Russell Severance is the fun way to start with. The content is to the point and deals straight to the point with added fun. No nasty tricks/shortcuts, just plain beginner content. "
"I've tried the Python course of Rice university, and some part of the Codecademy Python course! This is much more basic and offer a fundamental view about all programming language not only just python. Compared to the Rice University course, this one is more for a new beginner who hasn't done any coding before. The Rice course doesn't really need any coding exp, but with the projects get more complicated in the end, it would be much easier if you have somewhat coding exp before, at least in my opinion. Anyway, I can't wait for all this specialization of University of Michigan!"
"The following course ""Programming for Everybody"" provides basic, useful knowledge of programming languages and terminologies used by a computer programmer. It is indeed very helpful for a non-programmer like me to initiate and learn a new scientific field of study and to further take over the commands within. Moreover, the instructor is excellent and expert in his field. He explains the tricky concepts  so well with contextualisation. He successfully kept me captured throughout the course. And I am keen to opt for the other specialization courses taught by the same Professor."
"Professor did really great job in trying to make every newcomer love programming. Professor have done a really great job explaining all the stuff in only a short period of time.As a person who have already studied Python before, this course is really helpful and is a quick review for most material studied before. The assignment and quiz is quite easy. My recommendation for improving this course is to teach python by using the python instead of powerpoint in slides. It will make everything much clearer and people who haven't learn python before can understand things easier."
"IMHO, Excellent introductory course. Well planned, enabling students to interact and take baby steps into this really powerful language. Smart, casual and yet precise lessons will help you to go through the initial necessary steps in the language, building a fundamental base where you will construct your python coding skills!. Loved it. Platform quizzes  and assignments help you make progress and push you to review your notes and the book content, enabling you to feel comfortable with the speed of the lessons. Thanks to Chuck and the Teaching Staff of Python for Everybody! "
"It is initially difficult to follow any course regularly on any online teaching website. I have tried studying various courses on coursera before but I usually ended up in leaving the course. This is the first course I completed and I am really happy. Professor has really put lot of effort in teaching the course and also tried to make it fun. Thumbs up to Professor Charles Severance! However this course is really meant for someone who was never exposed to programming. As I have had some exposure, I increased the playback speed to 1.5x (So thumbs up to Coursera as well ! )"
"Very happy with this course, Charles' passion shows and I appreciated the ""let's not rush things and step back a bit"" approach which makes us think things through and therefore provides a deeper understanding of the concepts covered. Charles' tuition is logical, easy, relaxed and actually fun to follow, I would definitely recommend this course to anyone wanting to start having a basic ""coding culture"", also I believe that being capable of instructing a computer to do something with the clearest, shortest and simplest instructions can be useful for any training exercise. "
"I have seen and tried quite a few coursera courses and this one was especially engaging and helpful. The lecturer clearly has lots of experience and it's easy to stay focused. I never get bored from his videos. The assignment difficulty might have been a little more consistent. While the first ones barely took me a minute, the final one took me a few weeks and even today I don't understand why the tiny changes I've made have had such different results. I would like to know more about that.I'm going for all the other courses in this specialization. Really enjoyed this."
"This is a great opportunity to learn some excellent skills in a language that is powerful yet easy enough to learn the basics.  I enjoyed every moment of this class.  I learned a lot about python and Charles Severance (Dr. Chuck) provides an excellent learning experience why presenting the material in a concise, structured and fun manner.  I'm pursuing all 5 (even the capstone course) courses to earn the specialization in an up and coming language I feel we will see more apps being developed in the Python Language.  Thanks Doctor Chuck and the University of Michigan!"
"It's an awesome introductory course specially designed in a way that everybody can easily understand all the classes. I don't have a technological background and I'm pretty confident to say that the course can be easily undertaken in 1 week or two weeks if you have easy with absorbing new content and if you like it, so that you can move on to the next one and do other courses more advanced. Also this is easily a course that can be leveraged to other machine learning related courses in which python is the most common tool. With that said I wish you the best of luck !"
Dear Dr. Chuck! Thank you VERY MUCH for the most outstanding course I've had so far. Your sense of humor and your eagerness to teach are the most valuable things in this course. They transfer studying into a fun and interesting process. This course is very good for the beginners with completely no knowledge about what programming is. I think that people who know one or more programming languages may wish to have more changeable tasks and learning. Seven weeks for the course may seem too long but nobody restricts you from rushing forward. See you in the next course!  
"This was an excellent beginner level course for Python.  Though I had prior coding/programming experience with MATLAB, I learnt new and interesting things from the perspective of a computer science course. I also have to say this was the first course that I successfully completed on Coursera which is a reflection of the interesting course material and the enthusiasm shown by Dr. Charles Severance in his videos. I particularly enjoyed the last assignment. I will definitely try to complete the specialization from here. Thank you Coursera, UMichigan and Dr. Severance! "
"Love Dr. Chuck. He makes the class fun and interactive. This a probably the best call to take if you are thinking about learning programming (in any language). Python is very intuitive and easy to learn. it will give you a sense of how to think like a computer.The best tip I can give someone who is serious about actually learning the material is the following:1. watch the lectures, take notes2. read the book, play with interactive python in your computer, look at python documentations, as necessary.4. Do all the exercises from the book5. Do the course assignments "
"I never had a programming class that covers really the base of the basics in such a deep and easy to understand way, not taking for granted many things. Professor Charles Severance has a great sense of humour (it looks like you are talking to him in person, it's not something spectacular for the camera) and very generous showing his team, amplifying knowledge through interviewing many interesting people. Exercises were very helpful to understand the chapters. Would appreciate if could  have more exercises (not for grade, but for practicing). Super recommend it!"
"Excellent course for the
beginners in Python. Well managed and easy to understand with given
examples.  Asking the assignments which
is the best way to understand how much we have learn. I will definitely refer
this course to others also. At the start of this course I do not have any
knowledge about the python. But after completing this course now I know the
basic and some advanced topics of python. Now I am able to write and run the
program in python. Thanks to instructor sir for explaining this course in a
very different and understandable way. Thanks a lot."
"It's my one of two first online courses. I really liked the way of Dr Chuck's teaching. I taught Swift 4 by myself last year. That's why a lot of things I found familiar to me. But on another hand I've covered some deep programming (logic) details that I didn't know before. 

I think that's such way of learning is much more efficient than studying something just by a book or documentation (of course it's better to combine and use as much additional info as possible).Would could be done better? You could add built-in questions into videos for more interactions."
"I had started out this course with great trepidation, of the fear that I may be too old to learn programming. However, I must state that Dr. Charles Severance is an excellent teacher. I have managed to complete the course well ahead of time. I have had very little programming experience and was glad to be able to complete the assignments on time. The course is well structured and I was able to follow the material well enough to complete the quiz at the end of each chapter without any hiccups. Thank you Coursera. I look forward to taking many more courses here."
"i am really in love by the way they teach the method for teaching is so perfect by taking quiz ,assinments and all that helps students to know about himself/herself.and the bonus videos of interviews of great founders and CEO's inspire students to do something more creative for the next timeand most important student's saturated notes.they helped you out to clear your concepts more precise so my advice to all newcomers is to take a brief look on notes.and also Dr. Charles Severance and his team deserves a hats-off for his hard-work. love this course....thanks"
"  The course titled "" Programming for Everybody"" does exactly what it says. The course is a beginner's level course for introduction to the world of programming. This course is based on python, which is a powerful programming language and focuses on application rather than too much of syntaxes. This course is taught by Charles Severance and he has explained the topics required to learn programming in a very clear-cut concise way, right from the basics. I recommend this course to everyone who wants to start programming and has no prior knowledge in this field.  "
"This course is a great introduction to programming for someone with zero experience, and it's useful for those who do have experience to really solidify the fundamentals of programming. It's also a great introduction to python for people coming from other languages. The instructor's videos are very good. He is clear, his explanations manage to be both thorough and concise, and he's personable enough to not be boring but without resorting to too much silliness. For those new to programming, I highly recommend taking notes by hand, and read the book chapters! "
"  This is an awesome course, for beginners, in Python, Instructor is cool and he keeps you tightly bounded to the course, pace is good, video lectures are very informative and good, after completing this course I am sure that you will able to explore more of python by yourself very easily or learn any other programming language. I thanks coursera for bringing up such beautifully designed course for beginners. I recommend every one even faculty members to go through this course, this will also help them to improve their pedagogical approach towards teaching.  "
"The programing course is quite easy to learn. The teacher 's explanation is clear and sometimes funny! I think it's a great way to learn programing which makes me happy not boring. When watching the videos without boring, I learn a lot of the basic programing a lot. The ways to hand in the assignment is also convenient, just type your Python code on a website, submit ,and done! The score shows up immediately, so I can correct my code immediately, it didn't take much time for me to learning this programing course. Thanks to the course and my teacher a lot!"
"I really enjoyed this course, the teacher has a very friendly tone and he is great at explaining all the concepts. I appreciate his efforts and everyone else who contributed to this course. And finally I really like the interviews, it is nice to be able to hear interviews with the creator of Python and authors of Python books and their stories, it helps to broaden my knowledge past just knowing the language but also its history. Overall it was a great course and it taught me a lot about Python while keeping it interesting with interviews of great people."
This was my first experience with a programming language (Python) offered by the University of Michigan via the Coursera platform. I have learned a lot during this course. The lectures and all the material are well-organized and structured. Charles Russell Severance is an extremely fascinating and interesting mentor! He explains the material clearly and neatly. I am very excited and happy because there are 4 more courses in this specialization. I will definitely participate in them as well. Thank you a lot for providing such a great learning experience.
"  It provides good resources and information for basic programming and Python.   The lecture is a true college style.  The chapters are well organized, and the instructor explains step by step.   I have studied computer science before and am an experienced programmer.  So, I did not pay, and finished the whole course in one week;one day for one chapter, but I recommend this course for everybody who wants to learn programming and Python.   You will learn what programming means by the end of the course, along with learning basic Python programming language.  "
"For users who don't really know what programming is. It's like taking the first baby steps towards learning to code. 
Python3 is the language taught, it's easy to use and also powerful.
Great instructor. Loved his way of teaching, his analogies was fun, and it classes seemed like live online classes rather than recorded ones. 
This is a really short course, covers all the basics. Those who already know looping etc, can skip. it's very basic. Those who have tablets or ipads can also take this course since it has inbuilt python playground and autograder."
"Everyone should have a basic understanding/coding class for general knowledge of what an awesome supplemental tool Python is. If you feel this is not something that can not aide you in your current studies or career I would strongly reconsider as seeing first hand in the ability to transform data, functions, expressions etc... has shown the limitless possibilities of Python. To be clear this is a very elementary beginners course which was perfect for someone who wants to dip a toe in the coding language pool without the fear of diving off the deep end."
"This course literally helps a lot! I only learned a little about programming when I was 12 or something, and of course I remembered nothing now. This course is really a good and easy way to start programming, because it's not only funny and easy to understand (mostly because Dr. Chuck is really cute and guiding), but also it provides dozens of simple project assignments to help students understand Python better. Anyway, I enjoyed this course so much that it only cost me 2 weeks to finish this. I think I'm going on to the next Python course right away!!"
"Great beginner course, learned a lot and feel more confident in foundational python. I didn't study CS in college and only took a beginning CS class during my senior spring (learned java). A year and a half later, I took this course and it was very straightforward and the information was strongly reinforced through lecture videos, quizzes, assignments, and the textbook (definitely recommend reading the textbook).  I was able to finish all 7 weeks in 1 week, spending a couple hours a day on it. Will be continuing on to the other 4 courses in this class. "
"I've taken online programming classes in the past, and this is by far the best. Dr. Chuck's curriculum covered concepts, constructs, and the basics of the language in a way that made learning a new language engaging and fun.  Content was covered in a way that kept me engaged (even though I've written a ton of code in VB and C#) while at the same time, the material was presented so that someone with no programming experience at all, could follow along and grasp all of the material ins plain English.I am looking forward to the next course in this series."
"  This course is an excellent course for anyone thinking of starting programming in Python. The course is well laid out and the testing is great. Trust me when I tell you the Prof is great. I love his conversational style. You feel as if you are in a one on one class. I had some struggles as I try to ingest the milk of Python programming but I think I did well so far. I preferred using the autograder than being assessed by my peers because the autograder can't confuse a 1 with a 0. What you put in is what you get. If I could give this 6 stars, I would.  "
"The course is provides an excellent opportunity for newcomers who are oblivious to programming and who also, at the same time, are enthusiastic about programming (Python) and are willing to take some time off their daily lives and dedicate it to learning such a prominent programming language course. I'd like to extend my sincerest respects to Dr.Chuck (course instructor) for breaking down everything in such a simple manner for everyone's convenience. Would highly recommend that everyone, who's willing to learn Python enroll into this course.

Cheers."
"This is a well structured course for people who are beginners and have enough to attract people who have programming experience as well. I am a programmer with legacy background and perl, I enrolled to this course so that I can mentor my juniors at work on python; esp perl to python code conversion and attending this course is immensely satisfying from that objective. I will attend the other courses and probably build some materials so that I can cover the entire course 1-4 in a week.Thanks Dr. Chuck and team from coursera and University of Michigan."
"This course is excellent! I loved the course content, the very interactive assignments, and especially the incredible Professor Charles Severance. Professor Severance does an incredible job unfolding programming for beginners, just starting out (like me). The content taught is mainly in the form of videos and the visuals really helped me understand the content very clearly. The assignments and quizzes are made to simply make sure one has been paying attention. They are not hard and not demotivating in the least. I am so very glad I took this course. "
"Great Professor and I really enjoyed the basic building block approach. It allowed me to learn slowly and completely while I took in all the new material. This was the perfect course for me since I had no prior programming knowledge at all. Thanks Dr. Chuck!The only suggestion I have is to provide more exercises to really cement the lessons, similar to math class back in high school where you had to do multiple problems to see for yourself how different variations of the same types of problems work out. Although I may be alone in wishing for that!"
"Dr. Severence does a great job of organizing the information in a manner that keeps me engaged, and knows when and how to describe common errors in logic and how to avoid/fix them.  The accompanying text is similarly engaging and informative; it manages to explain quite a few concepts in each chapter, without being an overwhelming amount of information.  I feel I am getting a great functional (vs. heavily theoretical) introduction to programming concepts and the Python language.  The exercises have ingrained the material covered in the lectures. "
"This is a great intro course for programming.  You will be glad to realize how much you have learned after completing the course.  For a complete novice without any knowledge or experience in the field, it's natural to feel a bit overwhelmed at times because there are so much new materials.  It will require some patience because you're going to get stuck at some point during the assignments but when you figure it out, it feels pretty darn good.  It's a journey and it will take some time so might as well have fun and enjoy the process.  Cheers!!"
"Great course! If you are new to programming, this is a low stress way to get the knowledge you need to take each step towards learning how and why. I saw a review that said all you do is copy and paste code, I can tell you, I have taken courses like that, this is not that type of course at all. You don't get the answers to problems and just retype them, you have to take them farther on your own; so maybe the course has been updated since then. If you want to learn how to program and want to start at the basics, this is the course to start with. "
"Hi All,
Thank you so much Prof. Christopher Brooks for his excellent way of presentation of each topic covered in this course. Great experience .... Excellent Mentor. ...This is my first attempt in online learning and joined for a course in coursera. I enjoyed a lot.. I am a beginner in Python programming and I completed the course and completed all the assignments and Quiz with 100% grade. Also the course helped me to acquaint myself with the interesting methods of teaching by which teachers can interact with students through online platforms."
"I think the textbook does a great job of explaining things very well. I did not watch any videos so can not comment on them as supplements to the textbook. However, after taking this course, I do feel like I have a good foundation for learning Python and code in general.My only criticism is that the course still uses an older version of Python which has some differences and can make the learning frustrating if you are not aware of those differences. Granted, with a free textbook for an older version this is a minor issue thus far in the series."
"really easy to do even for a 14 year old.I really can't believe that I did this course in less than about 5 hours, and the course was of 7 weeks!Actually somebody gave it to me as a challenge to complete this course in 2 days..... I did it in 5 hours.If you provide me with a special achievement like a special certificate or something else for me as I did it so fast with 100% marks, then it'll be nice.. :-)Thanks for providing me such a beautiful course. I'll be happy if you provide me with some other courses too as financial aid.Thanks again🙂"
Dr Charles is really a good teacher in Python. His presentation skills are encouraging for beginners like me in this particular language and it is also enjoyable. I was struggling to learn this language and have searched for several resources online but none of them were able to make me comprehend the basics of Python. I am happy that I have come across this course taught by Dr Charles. I have already completed the first one of the specialization and hoping to continue with the remaining ones which will help me gain valuable skills in Python.
"As annoying as the auto-grader was at times, I still enjoyed the course. The material was properly presented and curated which goes to say a lot of blood, tears and sweat was definitely put into the course. I highly recommend this course for beginning programmers and/ or more experienced programmers who many want to familiarize themselves with python syntax or get a refresher.  A big thank you to the team and the initiatives behind this course most especially Professor Severance who has a unique style and engaging style of content delivering. "
Awesome instructor and lots of great resources to aid in understanding - such as discussion boards and assignments using the code grader tool. I really liked seeing the instructor interact with the slides. This helped my understanding the concepts. I do not have a programming background although I am in IT operations. The course was very accessible and I look forward to the remaining courses of Python for Everybody.  I recommend it to anyone with no experience in programming looking to get started in Python. Thank you Dr. Chuck and Coursera! 
"This course is just awesome. Dr.Chuck tries his best to make every concept clear and rememberable.Absolutely this course is a beginner who wants to start the programming. If you are a beginner and have no prior about programming stuff, then the course is for you. Quizzes, assignments, and other exercises help you to understand things thoroughly. Believe me you are going to enjoy the whole lectures .Dr.Chuck has also added some other stuffs which makes this course more interesting. Thank you Dr.Chuck for creating 'Programming for everybody'.
"
"A really nice, gentle introduction to the basics of the Python language. I was already familiar with much of it from previous endeavours at learning to code, so managed to get through each week in about an evening's work, but it didn't 'feel right' to jump into the second course straight away. The last programming assignment caused a little bit of head scratching, and re-highlighted the need for careful, precise thinking when writing even short pieces of code. I've enjoyed this course and will be back for the Data Structures module soon :)"
"I went into this course not having any previous experience with programming and finished it being able to write some basic code which was tremendously satisfying. The material was presented in a simple enough manner that no experience was needed to get started. While I'm guessing Spyder was not used for simplicity's sake, I would recommend it rather than running command prompt. It picks up on basic errors (like a missing parenthesis) which cuts down on the time you spend running the entire code and then having it fail for something silly.  "
"Great starter course.  Platform has some bugs loading videos and the code editor is very finicky to spaces and tabs even if you write it directly in the assignment editor provided.  Best practice is to use your own editor, run the code in the command prompt like the instructor suggests, and then paste your code from atom or whatever into the assignment editor.  Also, the discussion forums reply section is buggy and wrote my response vertically which was very strange and should get fixed.  Otherwise good course and good pace for beginners."
"Great course for a beginner. Instructor and student assistants make sure that you get the basics and (most important) grasp the concepts behind the code. This is very important because next to the keywords and syntax the most crucial thing to be learned is to start ""thinking"" like a programmer. How to break it down to the necessary incremental steps. I personally like the combination of video lecture, on-line student notes and on-line lab. Getting Python installed locally is a breeze for Windows or Linux. Already enrolled in Course 2!!"
"This is literally the best course for anyone who is starting with Python as a completely new programming language.It is super easy to flow and can be too easily learned by anyone who has zero background in programming and has tried it for the very first time.Prof. Chuck is the best professor in the lot.I haven't seen anyone do this good of a job.I swear on God he is literally the best teacher at the moment.I had tried my hand on a few Python courses previously but there is no one even close to Prof. Chuck .HE IS THE BEST,NO KIDDING!"
"I knew almost nothing about programming and now I know a little something! Starts out very easy, and gradually becomes challenging. Nothing too aggravating in the assignments, just don't be afraid to take your time, re-watch the lecture videos, read the chapter, and try to tackle the assignment again. I am preparing to go back to school for a Database Analyst certification at my local college, and I thought this would be a good way to get exposure to the types of languages I'm going to be seeing in the future. On to the next course!"
"I'm already familiar with coding, in languages like C, C++ and Java. But starting from scratch for a new language like Python was cool. Prof. Chuck engaged the viewer quite effectively and i appreciate that. Solving periodic quizzes helped me be reassured that i knew what was being taught in the course. This course takes its due time to teach us various concepts in Python and in no place did i feel that something was rushed through without proper explanation. So all in all, it's a good course to start off one's journey in Python. . "
"A very good content with additional inspiring interviews. Names on it, it is getting started course, it is giving foundations of Python. Because I have some programming background in Java, I have completed it in a week without skipping anything. Dr. Charles Severance makes his job very well and more importantly in very enjoying way :). I'm looking forward to taking next Python course from him. Last but not least, very thanks to Coursera for providing us accessing top class courses in free of charge. Best wishes for all from Turkey."
"Great intro to Python. I've had some formal training in C++, MATLAB, and I completed the codecademy section of Python a while back. This was a nice re-introduction to Python, but more formal. The only complaint I have is with the grader. I had no issues running my programs from my terminal, but the grader kept giving me indentation issues. Not sure what the problem was, but it was a pain to deal with considering the code worked in other places. Aside from that the lectures are quick and helpful and the examples are helpful as well"
"I'm very happy because of the way the whole session has made progress. It is easy to understand because of the way things were explained. You are an awesome teacher!!!Just one little/tiny concern i.e. before explaining what is list, I saw the course started using list. If a little insight of list would have been provided in the course, it could have been a 100% complete course.But anyways, without that it's 99.99% satisfactory though. :)Again, thanks for having this very helpful course to build Python base of the learners strong. "
"thus far, best programming class I have ever taken. Nice mix of humor, he explains what works and what doesn't, why and how to fix it. The programs are geared around at least something along the lines of real word problems. I also love that you are taught straight off how to install python and encouraged to do your assignments on your computer, but if not possible can do it just on the browser until you are ready to turn in, then just copy and paste your code. Another big plus is he introduces command line to get you used to it"
"Good introduction to Python and programming. I learned the basics of 3 other languages in the 80's (FORTRAN, Pascal and elementary assembly language), so programming is not new for me. Since it has been so long since I have written a program I started with PY4E to dust off the cobwebs.  the video lessons were clear and mildly entertaining - which made it fun to learn. The assignments and quizzes were purposeful, because they help clarify subtleties and encourage practice.I am planning on taking the next course in the sequence."
"Great introductory course! I have very ""rusty"" experience with programming, but I am familiar with logic and computing terms. I feel like if you had very little ""command line"" experience in your past, you may need to learn a little before starting. But there is enough ""walking through"" it in this course that you will get it at least through literally doing exactly what's on the screen.The instructor is awesome - great sense of humor, and teaches in a way that doesn't speak ""down"" to you, or too academic. I enjoyed this course."
"I am a programmer for more than 15 years, and took this initiative to learn Python.

Couldn't have chosen a better course to get started. Even though this course is for the beginners, it made me rethink some of the basic constructs of a language afresh.

I had learnt the other languages like C#, Java, JavaScript etc, in a very haphazard manner and as and when required.

This course presents a pleasantly new way of learning a new language. Thanks Dr Chuck, also for all those interesting bonus videos at the end of each chapter!
"
"This is a great and useful course if you want to get started in the programming world. The information is well presented in the lectures as in the book, which has a kind reading. Now that I have learned the basics of programming and I am starting to know this language of Python, I feel more excited to learn more and more to achieve my purpose of working with artificial intelligence in the psychological area. There are many things to come and this course has everything to offer to get you excited about learning more and more. "
"  Amazing and easy to understand. I really enjoyed the methodology and even laughed at some classes. The professor explains everything in a thorough manner, and the teaching staff is always out there to help you as well. It gets even easier to learn if you also try to answer your questions through other means: google, the Python website, the course textbook, etc. I did not have any previous knoledge on any programming language and I surely reccomend this course to anyone willing to learn their way through computer programming.  "
"  For me the best thing about the course was Professor Chuck's approach towards teaching programming. Although, I have an engineering background, I had always avoided programming related jobs because my computer science teachers had instilled a fear of programming in me. On the contrary, Professor Chuck made learning python a fun experience which really helped me overcome my fear of programming. Thanks to this course, my confidence grew significantly and I was able to delve deeper into more advanced python programming topics."
Excellent introductory course! The lecturer delivers the course in a progressive way and covers diverse content including the software development background. Some beginners (like me) tend to be easily intimidated by hardcore difficult-to-understand programming languages and lose interest and confidence before even start to write the first line of code. But the ideas proposed by Dr. Severance in the first lesson make me stick to it for a little longer when I am frustrated by having written the wrong code in the assignment.
"This course was the first actual course for Programming that I understood.In my college, I had taken classes for C, C++, but never understood.But in this online course, the way Dr. chuck (Charles Severance) explained and maintained a beautiful connectivity , i never felt i was learning a Programming language.Infact, he did not just helped to learn the Python basic, but removed my fear about a programming language by clearing the basics/ concepts that any language would use.Hats off to him for his beautiful, beautiful work."
"Learnt basics of Python programming. This is a fantastic course for anyone who comes from a non programming or non computer science background like me. And Dr Charles is an awesome teacher. He makes learning easy by keeping the course interactive and constantly motivating and encouraging students. I, who was always scared of coding, thoroughly enjoyed this course and would love to continue the next courses by Dr Charles. Thankyou so much Professor for teaching us the easiest and the best way to approach problems/questions."
"While registering to curse after recommended by my college  I actually thought it could be a typical 
course with lectures and tests.. but I was completely wrong! The course was so interesting that I 
completed it within a week! Dr. Chuck sure knows how to engage students. It has not only engaging 
lectures but also interesting quiz, assignments and office hour videos in which Dr. Chuck lets us 
meet our peers. This is a course where learning meets fun  :)  I highly recommend it to everyone who 
wants to learn coding!!"
"One of the best course I ever had,I have started this course ti boost my knowledge in programming add mainly I want to do ai as my career so I do this course of python and it is the best course for me ,I found many different thing which are very useful in thi ,and as we all know this is a course from the most reputable university and so there professor are remarkably nice and I love teaching with them and get this knowledge, I am satisfied by doing course and it is more good then I expected so no words for this as well"
"Hello i am Adan Bae. I am from korea. How are you today!?This class is very very awesome and useful for me!!!Because i wanted to learn the Python, but it is not famous language in korea.So i looked up the class in the MOOC and CourseraFinally i could meet the Dr. Chuck's class. then i tried to hard to understand his class.Because i don't have good English skill. But i did it!! I got it!Thank you Dr. Chuck and Everyone who made this class alot!!I really hope to meet you wherever Korea or America. See you in next class!! "
"Dr. Chuck presents the subject matter in an easy to understand way.  The overall course design is very well thought out.  The video lectures have excellent graphics; the lectures follow the outline of the text book.  I particularly valued the ability to reschedule my class; if my job and other activities in life get super demanding, it was very nice to know I had flexibility with this course (although I did not exercise it).  I could not be happier with this course.  Well Done Dr. Severance and University of Michigan!"
"I have always wanted to learn Python and get started towards a new journey in my career. And being a Mechanical Engineer by profession and degree, I always feared whether I would understand programming or not, and I was very confused about where I can start. I am really glad that I chose this particular course, to begin with, and Dr. Chuck Severance is an excellent instructor, and he sort of guided me through all the tiny and granular details of Python in this basic course! I am super excited to start the next phase!"
"I personally have no background information about programming. For me, this a great introduction to python. I recommend downloading 'pycharm' to run the script without saving numerous time and try to run it on Terminal (Mac). Or you can use ATOM writer to edit the script but to run it you can either tun it in terminal like what the instructor do to practice or by installing terminal package but for me it doesn't work. In long term it is super annoying to do that. PyCharm is free and also tell you what you did wrong."
"This introductory course to the Python programming language boosted my confidence in my ability to learn programming for data analysis. Without any prior background in programming and just a bit of algebra several years ago in college, I was able to make it through this course fairly easily. The time estimate for each week accurately reflected the amount of time required for me to complete an assignment. After completing this first course in the Specialization, I decided to sign-up for the entire five-course series."
Clear and to the point introduction to Python. I am glad i took this course. It set solid foundations for continuing on the Python path. I must stress out though the fact that one needs to do the exercises to fully appreciate the work the instructor has put in. During the exercises I would recollect on the lecture and that made it easier to complete the work. For me reading a book alone would not have cut it. I needed Dr. Chuck to explain it the way he did. Looking forward to the second class of the specialization.
"This is the first ever programming course for me .It is my good fortune that I started with Python, that many regard as good language to begin with and most importantly the instructor and content of this course, is top class. The way Dr. Charles Severance takes you through this course as to how someone will teach you to walk for the first time, holding your fingers. Some may like this approach, some may not , but for a person like myself who is totally alien to the world of programming, this was the best approach. "
"Loved the pace and how the lessons were broken down. The buildup from one lesson to another was really good and super great for beginners. I also love how the professor explains a lot of things in a very friendly manner (i.e. not condescending, not too advanced, etc.). The last exercise challenged me quite a bit, but looking through forums really helped. At the end of the day, it at least prepares you on how to deal with getting frustrated with code that doesn't work. Can't wait to get started on the next courses!"
"Very very good explonation about everything. I liked a lot, that in the first section there is an explanation about hard parts of computer. I think for everyone, who starts coding, it is very important to have this understanding. Charles explaines everything so good and so easy to understand, I could not wish for something better.  For me, as a beginner, this course was very helpful and gave me the feeling, what is it like to code with Python. Looking forward to other parts of Python for Everybody Specialization."
"Best course of Python I've taken so far. Tried with MITx's Intro to Computer Science and learnpythonthehardway.org, without success. The learning curve was too steep. This one, on the other hand, progresses slowly and easily, but in the end, after a month or two you find yourself writing short programs in Python, which actually work. Won't make you an expert, but it will help you to understand the general logic of the language, and start coding for real. Took me about a month to finish it. I highly recommend it. "
"  I have to say, this is the best course that is available(according to my research) in any of the online platforms. It has a well-defined structure and everything is so beginner-friendly. The teacher, Professor Charles Severance, amazing guy. When he is teaching, it's like he is talking to you directly and not to a camera. The introduction is so good that it makes you comfortable with the course easily. So, if you are looking to learn Python language and are confused about where to start from, this is the place.  "
"This course is my first encouter with programming and I really enjoy it. The lecturer's way of explanation is very clear and simple. I did not expect to become so interested in it, however, learning Python turned out to be a fresh and great experience. Thanks to Dr Chuck it is real fun to learn Python. You can get through this course even if you think you are not very good at mathemathics (personal experience). I recommend this course to everybody who is interested in beginning their adventure with programming."
"  A great introduction to basic programming concepts and Python language. The instructor, Dr Chuck, is really good and explains the concepts in a manner easy to understand even for beginners. For me, personally, the bonus material was the most interesting with the expert interviews (look out for the talk with the inventor of Python). The short videos of other Coursera students meeting Dr Chuck helped me feel connected to the student community. Overall, a must-do course if you want to learn programming in Python.  "
This course is an excellent course for those who know a little bit of programming and also a very good course for those who are just starting to learn programming. The instructor of the course Sir Charles Severance has explained the concepts in a very easy way and the assignments and review questions makes them more clearer. I think that if anyone is looking for a course in Python from scratch he can go with this course and further with the specialization to get all the basic and advanced concepts of Python. 
"Wonderfully composed and paced course.  Dr. Severance does a fantastic job of scaling technical descriptions from basic terminology up to the specific programming jargon.  The assignments are well detailed, explained, and the technology in the course works well.  The book is free and also a treat because it ties so nicely back into the course materials making is probably the best learning Python book available today based on what I've seen.  Thank you for continuing to support this program.  It is FANTASTIC."
"this course is wonderful! It includes so many details that usually a beginner won't notice or understand why can and why can't.This course has helped me to save the time for trial mistakes and taught me to keep a good coding behaviour.After each chapter,there is one or two coding assignments. Every time, I watch the explanation video and compare my codes in my assignment. While there are some codes I don't understand very well during the course video, I'll stop and try the codes.That makes me learned a lot."
"Great Python Course for beginners. I wish we had Coursera when I was first learning programming. I am not new to programming but I still found the course very useful to get a head-start with Python language. All credits to Charles to keep the course interesting, informative and at the same time very simple to understand. I would highly recommend this course to anyone new to programming (any language) and Python beginners.Kudos to Prof. Charles and Coursera community for an amazing experience! Best, Suruchi"
"This is a great course. I've tried many and this is probably my favorite. I read another review about how people didn't like the first lesson of his course but I disagree full-heartedly. You cannot start coding without noting the context or at least, not be good at it. Its like the math component of coding; if you don't know certain calculus and discrete foundations, you will struggle with any type of advanced computer science foundations (AI, data science, etc). Great course, good teacher, all inclusive."
"This is definitely a course for someone who is a total beginner to Python and to coding. It was a bit too simple for me (since I have been programming in other languages for many years). But I wanted a course that would take things slowly rather than teach all the syntax of Python in a week or 2, so I am doing the 5 course specialization. Loved the instructor--he is very good at explaining coding in basic terms. This course is perfect for someone who has never coded before and wants to learn from scratch."
"It was the best ""getting started with python"" that I've ever seen! I always like to learn anything slowly but deeply, and this course was a nice start to learn python.Thank you Dr Severence....And about coursera, I'm from Iran and I hope coursera will add my country to its countries name for whom that want a certificate...I do not understand its word: ""learning for everybody"" how can be possible when it neglects some people!I liked everything about this course, but I do not like this about whole coursera."
"This is the course I've been missing for the past few years as I tried to learn Python through other ""Fundamentals"" courses. Here Dr. Chuck really takes it slow and explains all the concepts. In other courses they might have 2 or 3 really basic lessons and then speed picked up to where I was lost. Not here. A couple of the assignments got a little challenging, but mentors gave hints to get me on the right path. Highly recommend for anyone new to programming or (like me) who never felt confident about it."
"  It is a well-explained course especially for beginners. If it is your first time learning to program you will not feel like you are struggling to understand anything. And if you have some experience with programming I assure you that you will never feel bored at any point in the course.Every week of the course Dr. Chuck will explain a chapter from the book ""Python for Everybody: Exploring Data in python three"". So, I recommend you to read the chapter after watching the videos and before taking the quiz."
This is the first MOOC I've completed since I started enrolling to various ones in 2013. Professor Severance is very easy to listen to and he makes the discussion easy to comprehend for total beginners like me. The course is not as rigorous as I expected it to be but it covered the basics of Python. This course is truly great for those who doesn't have a programming background that needs to have an appreciation of programming for their work. I will continue working on the specialization after this one. 
"This was an excellent course. The title implies anyone (to include those
 with no prior programming knowledge) can do it. Thankfully, that proved
 to be true. I do consider myself tech savvy but I have never spent 
anytime learning a programming language until now. The book was nice to 
have, heck, even free for Kindle or downloadable PDF at the time I took 
the course. Dr. Chuck breaks down the book and makes it so simple and 
laid back... I look forward to the next part of his Python 
specialization!
        

"
"I am very glad at this course. The teacher was very interesting and friendly. He teaches us in a friendly way,in the most effective way. And in future I want to learn more from coursera. I think we are blessed to get a platform like coursera. The beat part is , it is arranging many type of courses for us. And I was sponsored by my university (BUET). After all thanks my university for offering this type of course in free. I want to give thanks for the next courses that I am going to take from coursera."
Love the course! thank you so much for your help. Some feedback would be to have something in the corners of code written saying true statement code or false statement code if the code is faulty. I take notes by taking pictures of the example and in reviewing them I had to go back to the video to remind myself some codes presented as an example were false and faulty. Other then that I had a blast and I was always happy to take a class due to how fun and well explained everything was. Thank  you again!
"I love this course and it deserves reviewing because the teaching content provided by Dr Charles is easy and quick to understand so that I could figure out how to apply those reserved words for assignments after one or two times studying.  I think this course is worth the best praise and sets a good example for e-education courses. Thank you, Dr Charles, you managed to make lessons lively, active and methodical like a suspense film that always makes me desperately desire to know what is the next step. "
"The course was excellent, I had done a small amount of programming on my own before this but never went over the computer science aspect so I'm glad we had a few intro videos lightly touching on that. (I also picked up a few additional things like try/except and the break/continue function) In the future i would like to see the answers given to the quizzes after each quiz is completed. Other then that the course was excellent and i will continue to take them. Prof. Severances videos were very helpful."
"This was the best programming course I've taken. I have taken a few programming courses before and never finish them. This one I actually finished and actually learned a lot from it. Dr. Severance is the best professor I have ever taken a class from. He really is very thorough in what he is teaching. He explains things multiple times in multiple different ways for you to understand exactly what he is talking about. You never feel lost while taking this class, everything is so engrained into your head."
"Took this course after a 20 year gap from first learning to program in college. It's a great refresher, easy to follow and explained very well by Prof Severance. One note, the course is an introduction to programming with a backdrop of Python, not an intro to Python and how it differs from other coding languages. That's probably obvious to many, but I realized this a little late. I guess I was initially searching for a more advanced course, but glad that I landed here to start on a firmer foundation."
"It has been an amazing journey so far with learning Python programming. I am enjoying this learning process a lot. Also, I would like to mentioned that Charles Severance has been teaching the subject in really an interactive way where he asks to pause the video to brainstorm on certain problem and then come back to the video where he explains the solution in a step by step way. Thanks Coursera and University of Michigan for giving me this opportunity to do this course and giving me the financial aid."
"It was a fantastic learning experience. This is apparently my first online course on Coursera and what a way to start with Dr. Chuck's class. He was fantastic, always interesting and never boring/distracting even for a bit. The way he handled the lectures was definitely a testament to how experienced he is, in handling first-time programmers/learners of a new language/script. I am sure I would take a lot of courses in the future. Already looking forward to my next one, as I write this review. Cheers! "
"This is a great course for beginners! I have a background in biology, but no prior programming experience. I have been interested in learning more about the intersection of these two fields, so this course was a great starting point.  I cannot stress enough that this was a very high quality and well-designed course! The online lectures are very good and the professor is great at explaining concepts for beginners. I thoroughly enjoyed learning about this topic and completing the practice assignments. "
"Absolutely amazing. I would not be surprised if people found that as an understatement. The instructor is enthusiastic and well versed in his field. He ensures that all the necessary details and knowledge required is given out to the students in the most professional and engaging manner. If you are new to programming , then look no further , for you have found the perfect place to start . I am so excited and cannot wait to progress further in this specialization course. My thanks to you Dr. Charles."
"This course is terrific for beginners.  I have never programmed anything in my life, but the instruction was great and definitely suited for someone who has never had exposure to Python (or programming, more generally speaking).  Thumbs up to Dr. Chuck for creating a terrific learning experience (great videos, web content, even a downloadable textbook).  I wanted to learn Python, and deciding which Python course to take on Coursera was difficult, but I have no regrets about enrolling in this course."
"Great work done by the instructor Doctor Charles Severance, Thank You!It is the best course of the beginners who want to start learning python, it covers basic condition, function, loops and iteration , material are very easy, teacher explained each and every topic in an easy way, easy to understand, exercise and quiz are easy to attempt all are according to the course contents. I will recommend to add more practice exercises. Overall it is the best course for the first step towards learning python.   "
"  This course is ideal for people who has no prior programming experience. As the professor says himself, this is a course you should take before any introductory course in programming, as the professor guides you through the intuition and logic behind the core aspects of any programming language. The assignments can be challenging, but they are doable. If you want to have a first approach to programming while having no prior experience, this is a must to take. Plus, the professor is really engaging!  "
"I would highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn Python from scratch. I was new to programming and this course has helped me think like a programmer. Even though I paused halfway through the course for a lengthy period, I was able to return to it and complete it successfully. I will be continuing on to do the second part of the course because the tutor has superior teaching skills. I've now started learning C programming through a weekly evening class and I'm finding it quite easy."
This course is well-explained and detailed. The sections flow from one to another without issue. The final programming assignment requires the student to put the different pieces together and is more comprehensive than previous sections. Always try to diagram / flowchart your process to help you through this course. It is enjoyable once you're able to get through it. I would highly recommend this course for aspiring Python programmers. I'm sure it's more basic for those with programming experience. 
"I am a parent with programming experience with C++ and PHP. I take this course together with my 14 years old daughter. I wish her to learn Python and I am sort of safeguard her along the way. She has no prior experience with any computer language and programming. But she is doing fine. She has picked up Python language rules and overcome minor problem by herself. The course is very beginner friendly. I am now progressing into the next course: Python Data Structure, and my daughter is still with me."
"  Taking this course was like hitting a fortunate reset button for me because I had already taken some programming courses at the National University of Colombia, but I didn't quite understand some details in the most basic structures. I am very happy with how I understand python now, but more importantly, I feel that there is a lot of fun in building code that I am really excited about going forward. Thanks a lot professor Chuck! , you are indeed one of those people changing the world for better :D  "
"it is very very super and lovely course i got and i ubgrade my knowlege using this course thanks!!it is simple and best for those programers . it have different practice activities and also quize out of 10 which is good to test my understanding of the course. if i give soo much aprciation to this course ,i am happy but i am not efficient in english that is why i say this comment only. anyways python is my faborite subject after this i will learn different programs using python programing. thanks!!"
"I think the video where the professor uses the ""cd"", ""pwd"", and ""-l ls"" commands could use some brief explanation, because explanations for arguably more obvious things are provided in the lectures, yet these new commands are suddenly used in quick succession and could catch an absolute beginner off guard. At least that's how I remember it. Maybe there was a brief explanation there. If not, it could be accomplished via a pop-up textual comment, which would minimize the need to edit course content."
"I want to say that if you are interested in starting programming, but you are not sure what programming language you want to learn first, then you can learn basics of Python in this course. This course was recommended to me by my friend and I am glad that I took my time to complete it and it will surely help me in my future studies. The instructor is very good, his explanations are very clear. I don't think that I have encountered any problems during this course, so I am going to give it 5 stars."
"This course does indeed open doors of python programming for everyone. For beginners, it is outstanding and not only for its content but also for the way its been taught. Dr. Charles Severance made the learning path so much easier and fun to go with. His passion for sharing the knowledge makes him connect effectively with all the new-comers. It almost felt as if I was being personally tutored by him.I would highly recommend this to beginners who wants to get into python programming from scratch."
"I took the Python Specialization, which included this course, so I'm going to provide the same review for each of the component courses.I think this is an excellent course for beginning programmers. Python is a great language for someone starting out - easy to learn - with a lot of power available for more advanced projects (e.g., machine learning).But, most of all, you have to love Dr. Serverance. I can't think of a more entertaining and enjoyable person to teach programming. Thanks, Dr. Chuck."
"Dear Sir, Thank you for teaching. I think we should include more exercises and peer review for actual programs (like done in second week)The course overall was satisfactory and I think it gives us students confidence to go ahead and complete next courses. (i really needed to feel comfortable after first course since I have worked in sales, maintenance, application and product management of laboratory instruments for almost 10 years, so I don't really have a typical computer science background )"
"I already started with an educational book about python, it made me complete this course rather fast i think but i went over a lot of details which were not really explained in that book. So to learn the very basics this course is absolutely great. btw the book was this one and i still recommend it as well....(https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1593277954/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=1593277954&linkCode=as2&tag=playwithpyth-20&linkId=18a80d666d24cc13bf52ff57fb72a632"
This is THE best course for beginners. I love the way Dr. Chuck has taught Python programming. His lectures are very interesting and easy to understand and the entire course has been a lot of fun with all its quizzes and programming assignments. His book is as great as are his lectures.  I am looking forward to learning more about python through his courses. This is just the type of course that I was wanting to do for some time and I am lucky I found this through Coursera! Thank you Dr. Chuck! 
"Learned a lot about programming in Python, the mentor Dr. Severance put the lessons in such a way that they could be understood with ease, and I could design my code with no problems. The occasional humour is cheerful and creates a very natural-atmosphere like any other college class with your favourite teacher. The class also has a very motivational atmosphere too, Dr. Severance really develops a can-do attitude among students. Really considering enrolling in the second course of this series "
"This course laid the foundation for me in programing. I have learnt a lot from Dr. Chuck, Mentors and from my peers. Timely assistance from mentors and my peers helped me a lot in learning python. Textbook material plus classnotes provided by Dr.Chuck and his team further helps in learning. If anyone learning this course ,I recommend read textbook and class notes after watching the videos and then start with assignments. I am glad I took this course and highly recommend others to do the same. "
"  This course was way better than I expected. For someone that wasn't a beginner, but hadn't touched programming for almost 5 years it was a nice way to get back in touch with essential concepts even if they were in a slightly different language than the one I knew. Very good structure, even though I believe functions should appear later than iteration, but anyway very good effort, amazing teaching and very detailed tutorials. I enjoyed the quizzes and exercises as well. Keep up the good work!  "
"Though I run though the book for basic knowledge about how to write python code, I still wondered what meaning each code has and how each code actually work in computer program. This course helped me to understand that point. I will continuously study next modules and want to get able to utilize python for real job. And also, I was impressed with system which shows text for teacher's explanation, sophisticated assignment system, and a lot of tips and tools.Thanks a lot for meaningful course."
"  I've started three other courses on python and while none of them were bad, this one was the only one that I completed. I have a background in sql programming so syntax and operations weren't brand new, but I had always struggled diving into any more than basic data pulls. I was able to get through this course very quickly and at the end felt very comfortable that I could start solving problems in python. I'm looking forward to the rest of the courses in the Python for Everybody certificate.  "
"A great introduction into fundamental concepts in Python. Dr. Chuck is a perfect teacher, funny, competent and engaging. You will watch the videos in no time! Also, the electronic version of the book is free and covers every problem you can possibly come across in this course. My recommendation: install Python on your computer immediately after enrolling and track the differences between Python 2 (course version) and Python 3. For example, instead of using ""print x"", you will use ""print(x)""."
"I'm very much thankful of Coursera and University of Michigan to let me opt this wonderful course. I highly recommend this course to each and every person wants to start learning programming. Because as python is best language to begin with, this course is best for begin learning python. Instructor Dr. Chuck ws the best mentor for me, he explains each and everything very nicely that everybody could understand. I'm so glad that I completed this course or had a chance to complete this course."
"  This has to be one of the best beginner course of Python on the internet! The instructions given by Charles Severance  were clear and concise. The videos never felt boring as each video prompted me to try different things in python to solve the problems shown in them. If given enough dedication and focus, one can complete this course within 2 weeks! I sincerely thank the Instructor, University of Michigan and Coursera for making it possible for foreign students to receive quality education. "
"Before entering this course, I was scared because I failed my python course last semester, because the teacher sucks, so I got insecure about enrolling. But Dr. Chuck inspired me a great deal since the beginning, and his teaching method is really the best I've seen in my life because I came from a developing country where teachers are ... disappointing and it's sad, I don't hate it I just feel sad about it. Overall, amazing course, though only basics, fantastic teacher! Thank you Coursera."
"The instructor is very enthusiastic and you will never get bored, teaching is very good, even if you are new to programming you will not stuck in this course. For me I have basic knowledge of python prior to this course and took this course for further courses ahed and to get Certificate, but i would say even I knew everything in this course I was not bored at all but yeah I skipped some parts in it. Overall I would say go for it, it's a good course for python and explanation is very good. "
"
Very helpful,

Learned all the fundamentals of python programming.

totally satisfied with the course content and it also helped me extremely by clearing all my doubts, as well as course got a clear perspective,
to how to use python is a practical point of view.Also got historical knowledge about the evolution of python and about it's creators.
thank you to prof. Severance

for everythingHe is an great teacher and understands the way of delivering the knowledge to the beginners.Keep it up. 
        

"
"I loved every minute, thank you. For me the fact that I could download the videos, watch them without Internet connectivity, complete the Quizzes and assignments on-line made this course stand out above others.The content started from knowing nothing to more advanced at a slow pace in order for all to follow, this is great.  Paying monthly $49 made the specialization course affordable for me living in South Africa.I thank you for the a great course, looking forward in completing the rest. "
"Very nicely designed starter for Python learners! I'm in finance and only got little programming background in Matlab and VBA, and this course helps me to know the basic structure of this programming language. Professor Chuck not only knows programming, but also knows how to teach the methodologies clearly to ordinary people. This Getting Started with Python gives me the confidence to deal with the future Python questions and I will continue with the next courses. Thank you, Dr. Chuck!"
"Honestly, this course is great for beginners. The instruction is explicit and clear and very structured. The textbook is very useful to understand the basics of programming language. I also like the assessment combining quizzes and hands-on exercise to get familiar with the coding process. Plus, the bonus part enhanced the connected learning and informal learning practice, and also increases the instructor presence. The pace is just right and the workload is perfect. Love this course!! "
"What a fantastic course! Every element is explained from the perspective of the way python processes the code, so you get a solid set of 'first principles' to work with. The videos use excellent simple examples, which are then extended as the topics become more complex, so you get the sense of really building from the ground up.  Chuck Severance is clearly a pedagogical master. How lucky we are to have access to his teaching from all over the world (Australia specifically, in my case)! "
"This is a fantastic course that takes people from a whole spectrum of experience, at their own pace, from introduction to computing and programming through to writing basic Python programmes.  I believe that I could work with my 9 year old daughter to get through this course.  If you have never programmed before, you will be amazed by what you will achieve on this course through the lectures, self study reading and community support.  YOU CAN DO IT!!  I'm enrolling for the next module!"
"As a consequence of lockdown, I wanted to learn the basics of coding and programming. This is an amazing course, I understood everything from scratch and genuinely enjoyed doing it. Not only that, but I can also practically apply this knowledge in financial analysis. I have a long way to go as a programmer but I surely love what I studied and can apply it to my work as well. The teaching style of the professor is also commendable. It seems personal even though these are video lectures"
"I love this course very much. Before I started this course, I thought Python was difficult to learn because I knew nothing about programming, but the teacher made it easy and interesting to understand. I am thankful for Professor Charles for his contribution to the course. This course totally inspires me and makes me want to explore more on python and programming. It's so awesome. I highly recommend this course to anyone who is a beginner of Python or programming to learn this course."
"Getting started with Python is a friendly and well-structured way to start learning python language. I think this course is very helpful for people that have no notions in python or even in programming language. Maybe, I could give a biased review knowing my knowledge in computer programming since few years ago, But, still it was very good to refresh concepts and start learn another language. In addition, Pf. Severance  has a really good pedagogy to give virtual courses. Recommended!"
"This course was nothing short of phenomenal. If you have not been in a classroom setting for a while, or if you have never committed to online education before, don't worry! This is absolutely the class for you if you are considering embarking on your journey of learning how to code Python. Good luck to all that attend this class. I would also like to thank the University of Michigan and Dr. Charles Russell Severance for an amazing experience and a quality education from this class."
"
This is the first course I have taken in Coursera and I want to say only
 one thing about this course that ""You don't have to know any 
programming language and you don't require any kinda skills to start 
this course even though you don't require any kinda knowledge in terms 
of this sector. You can start from zero levels which are going to lead 
you a not the infinity level but a level where you can know python, 
where you can be a programmer on python "" SO just enroll the course.


"
"Dr Chuck is amazing. I loved his teaching style. Before this also I tried programming but learning was never so easy and interesting. The course content is awesome. I am from mechanical background, did not have any programming background but still i never felt any difficulty while during assignments or understanding the lecture. The syllabus, Quiz and assignments are planned very well. Thank you Coursera and Dr Chuck. I would like to continue learning python with coursera/Dr.Chuck."
"  This course helps a non programmer understand the basic ideas of programming using python. It is extremely easy and is probably the first step for anyone into programming. Apart from explaining the concepts in an easy to understand manner, the exercises also help confirm that understanding with an auto-grade feature. The course also has some really interesting Bonus chapters which gives you a background on how it all started as well as interviewing some really interesting techies!  "
Outstanding Course for a newby. All about programming. Lectures and problems are clear and relate directly to the subject not related topics like statistics and other disciplines which add nothing to the Python and Python programming focus. Dr. Severance has built a great specialization here. Problems can be challenging but doable within the time frame represented by the course description (give or take a couple hours on some of the more challenging ones. I've learned alot! Thanks
"4.5/5.0. Thank you for this! Charles is a great instructor, the explanations were great. I took another python introductory course prior to this and this really built on that foundation. Recommend this to anyone who wants to start their path into python. I'm personally taking the Python specialisation from UoM and I'm so excited to begin on the 2nd course! Would have given a full 5/5 if the course materials were provided to be downloaded so we could reference it whenever we want. "
"Great course, got me excited about learning more. The instructor, Dr. Severance, is easy to follow, entertaining, and has a knack for explaining concepts simply.  It can seem to be going a little slow but I think that's intentional to force the student to really absorb the concepts. More assignments would be helpful and some multi-unit assignments that help the student put several concepts together would be great. This feels like a topic that you only really get through practice."
"Excellent engaged and engaging instructor!  Dr. Chuck is entertaining and informative at the same time, highly recommend.  I've learned so much already--I had some prior programming experience so watched ""Getting started"" on 1.5x speed but still learned things I didn't know.  He really starts from the beginning and fills in any gaps you may not realize you have even if you've already coded before, and gives a great foundation to anyone who doesn't have previous coding experience."
"very interesting course by Dr.Chuck. It took me a week to master the basic of Python as I have experience in Java and C++. Still, I recommend this course to those who are new to computer programming. The course explains the core of computer programming language clearly and class assignments are all well designed. I especially enjoy the video of Dr.Chuck talking with all those successful developer in computer science industry. What they share in the video is genuine and inspiring."
"Fantastic course!  Dr Chuck is great at explaining things simply and efficiently. His examples and way of seeing programming and computers really helped me to understand concepts.  The exercises build on the lessons but don't always mirror them, which is a great way to learn.  I found it easy at first, then by the last lesson slightly difficult - this is my first programming language and I am a complete neophyte. I really appreciated this course and look forward to the next one!    "
Fantastic course. I took 6.001 (Intro to Computer Science) at MIT 25 years ago and haven't done much programming since then. I want to help my kids learn some programming and thought Python would be a good start. I tried a few different courses and then got to this one which is perfect. Dr. Chuck explains everything so well and he's very enjoyable to watch with just the right mix of humor. The quizzes and assignments are well-designed to help ensure you understand the material.  
"I have tried a few basic programming courses before, but failed to go beyond the first lecture. I found them difficult to comprehend and felt discouraged to learn programming. But then, I came across this course and it got me excited to learn programming again. From the first lecture to the last, the instructor covers different important concepts in the way that anyone can understand. The book is also easy to read. I strongly recommend programming newbies to check this one out."
"The teaching pedagogy of Prof. Charles is awesome. He made his class so interactive via his delivery and communication skills, on an online platform was very impressive and very helpful, to carry on. Course content was equally good and Professor made us learn that very well. After attending this I am really interested to apply some course to be taught in Michigan under Prof. Charles, himself in near future. It was a great experience with lots of new learning. Thanks a lot Sir.  "
"Greetings to All Professors!!!!It was really very useful for me. Prof. I am really thankful , because it was my first hand try in programming. I used to think like I will never understand the language of programming  ever. but the way u explained (in a very easy and crisp form )was amazing. Hope u to contribute more good work in future. Wishing you and your family  a  happy and health life ahead.......With Regards....Kalpana Hazarika, M-IEEE, Faculty-GCET, Greater Noida, India"
"Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python). This is the first programming course I have done where right from the beginning I have been getting those feelings of ""I get it"". Normally I am thinking you do not necessarily have to understand all this, just remember it. I hope I can remember all this syntax. Obviously the equanimity and ken of the distinguished teacher has a lot to do with the level of . understanding. So thank you sir, I highly recommend this course  "
"The course provides a very general and complete background knowledge of python, starting with the very basics that everyone, after some practice, can understand. More interestingly, there is a sequence of videos showing you how different tech start-ups came into being, including the python languages itself. Moreover, these videos are interviews of Dr. Severance (course lecturer) and founders of these start-ups, including the father of python of course. So that's pretty cool."
I joined this course to start learning Python. Although I know how to write code in other script languages (Not a full time programmer) I decided to start from the beginning so I won't miss syntax differences.I'm really glad I did take this course because although the main subjects were familiar to me I learned a lot about how to approach Python and some of the syntax differences it has compared to other languages I know.I'm now going to start the next course in this series!
"Excellent introductory course to programming using Python. Basic programming constructs like control flow, definite/indefinite loops and exception handling are covered. The instructor does a good job of highlighting some common errors which beginning programmers may make. The course also includes some general info on how computers work. Note that this is very much a beginner's course (as stated); somebody with any programming background will find this course highly trivial."
"It was a good initial course to review overall functions of python, I would have preferred a much more full time visual based course. Watching lectures might be helpful for some and they are in college, those of us whose learning is hindered by lecture and instead we love watching the teacher type as he teaches those are higher quality interactions for me mentally.Thank you professor for having lots of well edited videos and hand stylus lectures.This is very helpful for me."
"Thank you Dr Chunk, it's a definite course for Everybody.  Your ability to put complex knowledge in easy to understand manner is simply amazing.  Learned a great deal from you. Complete all the first 3 parts, except not able to submit the quizzes and now half-way through the 4th: Using Databases with Python.I have even get my teenage boy to enroll into this course and highly recommend it to my girl who is in the uni.Thank you once again, greatly appreciated!Bob 20170215-SGT"
"A great course to get started with programming in general and with Python in particular.As stated in the abstract, this course is addressed to those who have no experience in programming. However, even if you have some experience but are not familiar with Python (as it was my case), you can take this course quickly (speed x1.50) in order to learn the basic sintax of Python and catch up for the following courses in the specialization.Really clear teacher. Highly recommended! "
"I started taking a for-credit online course on Python through the UC Berkeley Extension, but found both that it didn't explain the basics, and that the actual content was sparse. I was very grateful to find this specialization, with the wonderful Charles Severance as the instructor! He's a very clear teacher, and charming besides.I loved course #1 of the specialization, and look forward to course #2, which lines up with the UC Berkeley course. Let's learn Python, shall we?"
"It was a great experience for me learning this course as it was neither too easy nor too hard to understand the basics of python for someone first learning about the language. And thanks a lot to Dr. Chuck whose lecture was just too awesome to ignore. He made me (a biology student) love the subject which I only dreamed about in my imaginary world. Thank you so much Coursera, University of Michigan and last but not the least Dr. Charles R. Severance for making it possible. "
"Incredible course. The platform was amazing and the format as well. Special thanks to the slitherin teacher, he has a special gift to teach. I had a great time and learned everything in less than a week, thanks to the amazing teaching techniques applied. Best regards from Argentina in COVID-19 times. I am a Mathematics student from the Uniersidad de Buenos Aires and this is my first time programming, found a new passion partly thanks to you guys, I'll be grateful forever."
"At the very outset let me thank Coursera for providing me this opportunity. The course was very interesting and enjoyed so much that I sat down for the course  continuously for 6 hours daily. I look forward to participate in more such courses or a degree course, if given an opportunity with financial help as given for this course. I wish to remain a part of Coursera. Once again thank you very much to the entire team of Coursera and Professors.Thanks.SincerelyMohd Asim Ali"
The Paython cource is a very simple I can't imagin how much am I happy...thise course gaider is friendly tech every code and most importantly I want to say he not make a bour while you learning a paython language ..He's give you interesting example ..Mostly I like an  example that Function defination many animals knows many languages so if talk language that he knows after he will give you some response ..that mean different functions work are different output..Thanks 😎
"This course provides a basic introduction to the Python language and its usage. Besides that all course materials are online and easily accessible, I very much appreciate the instructor's enthusiasm about the field and clarity about the application of this language. Last, it is indeed a great idea to have interviews with many interesting figures in the Data science and Python community. Glad to know that this course has a global network through the office hours as well!"
"Helps in understanding the basic concepts of programming with the help of more general beginner specific programming language python. Gives a deeper insight about how the functionality of logical and mathematical statements interpretation by a machine and expands out thinking about various control structures. Increases ones interest in programming and developing self skills like self thinking, optimizing and testing of different working models in a programming language."
"Dr. Severance is great. He introduces you to coding in a way that is non-intimidating and feels completely natural within a couple of weeks. Instead of dreading class I found myself excited about attending everyday and was able to progress faster than the course outline due to his extremely clear and supportive teaching method. I'm already reading data from files and it isn't even covered until the next course. If you take this class, read the book and you will do well."
"Charles Severance is the first teacher to slow down enough that I understood each and every element introduced. It's so much more appreciated at these beginning, easy levels rather than for complex ideas. When starting on a totally new way of thinking, it really helps to have 'obvious' things explained in full. Not everyone will need to slow down as much, but if you're just starting out, it can't hurt! Looking forward to more complicated ideas approached the same way!"
"Programming is made truly accessible for everyone in this course! I'm not a computer scientist by formal education, so I was a bit hesitant about taking a foreign language (Python). To my delight, the videos are engaging and make you want to progress further into the material. I want to write scripts and am proud to say that I can run Python from my command prompt :D! Thank you Coursera; Thank you University of Michigan; and last but certainly not least -- Thank you D"
"This was an excellent course for teaching me the basics of python at a comfortable pace that was digestible enough for me to come away with just the right amount of key takeaways from each lesson.The assignments also presented just enough of a challenge each time to really hammer in my understanding of the previous lesson, without making me feel overwhelmed and lost.I think most importantly, this course has me eager to keep learning! I can't wait to jump into Part 2!"
"At 46, learning programming has been difficult and often find myself discouraged (grumpy).  I've bought books and considered gambling thousands of dollars on local courses.  I'm so glad I went with Coursera. I chose this course after watching a video.  Wow, Thank you to Charles Severance and the University of Michigan for an truly amazing, and well put together program. I've been at this for a few years and I'm finally making progress thanks to this course.  Amazing.  "
"The very first course is well organized so that you won't have much problems if you follow the instructions strictly  and can learn well and thus form a solid foundation about Python. Besides, Dr. Chuck is very humorous and teaches well. What's more, he gives students like me who has none program experience before a lot of encouragement which is very vital for us to build confidence in learning program. I guess it is my favorite point about this introductory course. "
"I audit this course. As I am a student studying computer science already, this course is too easy for me.Mr.Charles shows a great understanding of the programming and he exactly knows how to lead a new learner to understand the concept of programming.Step by step, I still got a lot of things learned.I definitely would support this course but I am in lack of money because I am just a poor student.In short, this is a very nice course for new guys step to programming."
"Great course for beginners, well structured and really well presented by Charles Severance! I loved how he presented the logics of programming in python, pretty straight forward and applied (not wandering much around stuff you don't need to understand if your aim is just to get started). Great job and thanks a lot, Charles! I'll surely recommend it to friends, also thinking about helping out with translation to Portuguese. Worthy the time, don't wait to take it. ;) "
"I really had good time learning this course. And this course instructor Charles Severance gave amazing details and intro towards programming, many lecturers just go with direct definitions and concepts present in some textbook but don't go with simplicity. Many new students need something that is simple and clear so I think sir Charles is best in doing that and hes my favourite lecturer now. If the courses are this fun and interesting I wouldn't mind paying for it."
"I really enjoy the design of Coursera and appreciate the materials provided by University of Michigan. This is the beginning of Python, but it motivates me to want to learn more about this skill. Video lectures are easy to follow up--they come with subtitle of different languages. The third party python tool is quite useful for you to do exercise and get insight of how to get familiar with this intelligent programming tool. I'm looking forward to keep studying it!"
"I highly recommend this course for those people who has basically no coding experience. I took some programming course like financial computation using MATLAB in college, but I did learn it well and that was not a happy experience. But this course, you can learn everything about python from a very beginning level. If you watch the lecture video carefully, you can finish the assignment easily. In the meanwhile, you start your very first step to become a programmer."
"This course has helped in learing the subject that i was interested with ease and Dr. Chuk's way of approaching and interacting with students is really great. And the way he explians every topic, spoon feeds us with best examples and also, interacting with students from around the world, And interviewing the greatest personalities and letting us know the importance of programming and also python. And still more courses  to learn from this platform in less time..!"
"This was an excellent course. It's easy to understand and all the tools are provided by Dr. Chuck and his excellent staff of TAs and mentors. I like Dr. Chuck's style of teaching, and his belief that everyone should learn to code in a computer language in our modern world is a worthy goal. I highly recommend this course both to experienced programmers who want to learn Python and to novices who want to learn programming (though it's better suited for the latter)."
Thank you sir i am first time i had done any course online and this was a wonderful experience  .Very good introduction to basic programming. Very easy for beginners in python who have already some programming background - but still extremely useful to quickly and efficiently learn python basics. Dr. Chuck has a special ability to teach programming to people who doesn't necessarily have programming background and very very thanks for Dr. Chuck for your efforts..  
"I wrote zillions of lines of Fortran 30 years ago, did a bit of C++ 20 years ago just to understand what object programming was, and... that's it. So at the same time it was very basic for an experienced programmer but excellent pedagogy and ideal to get your environment installed and have a hand on the basic syntax. Some of the ways notions are introduced are excellent and I would have loved to have a similar course on Fortran when I started. Congratulations... "
"One of the best programming courses to get started. Python should be the #1 choice for anyone who's willing to kick start their journey to programming. Plus, Dr. Chuck is an amazing instructor. He takes his time to explain the material well. The lectures are easy to follow but the assignments might seem a bit challenging some times. However, the assignments are not impossible and if you try you'll definitely will be able to do it. I highly recommend this course."
"This is probably one of the best(if not the best) course I have come across in Coursera on Python. The instructor, Mr. Charles is definitely an expert, not only in Python as a computing language, but also in the art of teaching. I have always looked forward to the next tutorial every time, and now i can't begin to start the next course under this specialization. In case if anybody is looking to learn Python, this is definitely the course/specialization to take.  "
"This was a great course!  I don't know where else you can learn to program; seemingly other programming courses assume that you already know another programming language.  This course takes you from knowing nothing to knowing the basics and prepares you for learning more about Python.  It was an enjoyable experience, Prof Severance is very relaxed and uses ordinary language. I bought his book, which I believe can also  be downloaded for free, which was helpful."
"I just love Mr.Chuck <3 I've tried many online videos about programming. Among them, only this instructor could get all my attention. He is friendly, modest and he tries to teach in fun ways. You won't get bored with the lessons as he explains everything in much easier ways. I would recommend everyone, specially those who do not have any programming experience but want to learn, too afraid to take a leap in this amazing world of coding, should take this course. "
"  I took a Introduction to Python course with Learning Tree that cost $2,500 and took Python for Everybody with Coursera an absorbed and learned much more with Coursera. I have absolutely no programming experience and I was able to pick up the language well by reading all assignment and completing all practice exercises. I also toyed around with the code on my own with my own programs and learned to enjoy it. I am taking the entire specialization now. Good luck.  "
"I was encouraged to take this course as an introduction to the world of programming. I am a novice programmer who has no formal training. This course was both fun and engaging. While challenging at times, generally any feedback I needed had already been discussed on the discussion boards. A simple search for the error you encounter should help you to independently debug your script and develop the flow of execution described in the prompt for each assignment."
The very first thing that i must say is that the professor Charles is exceptionally well..i could not understand the programming concepts with so much ease before this..the teaching style is great and the slides give every key information about what is being taught so you can capture screenshots and make notes with help of it..and the assignments help you to practice what you've learned...so overall a great course!Thank you Coursera.Thanku Professor Charles.
"Full marks to the instructor Dr. Chuck. The course was very well designed and the way Dr. chuck communicated and gave examples, it all made great logic and instilled confidence in me. Not to forget, I have been a very bad programmer since school and did not have much knowledge and confidence before this course. But now I feel much comfortable in learning further and other programming languages as well. Thank you so much Coursera and Dr. Chuck for the course.
"
"A good introduction to programming
with Python. The instructor Dr. Chuck has a special ability to teach programming
to people who do not have a programming background. This course is a very great
start-up for beginners. Everything is broken down into parts making it easy to
understand. Whoever had no programming experience this course help him/her to
understand this language. Thank you, Sir Charles, for making this python course
interesting and informative. "
"This course is pretty awesome! Chuck sir's explanation is super cool, anybody can master this course ,if anybody teach's like Chuck sir. And this is my first ever online course . I've loved the course each and every topic is explained so clearly and i have done programming without any hesitation like ""my code is not going to work"". I am super excited to look forward for the continuation of this specialization and many other courses too. Thank you coursera ! "
"The way professor Severance teaches and transits the subject is exceptional and makes the course too easy for anyone who wants to learn.The course itself, for a complete naive like me, had very good pace and at the end I found it very easy.By reading the accompanied book you have more details and it’s essential to read it also and solve the exercises and not just see the videos in Coursera.It was a very good first step for me in the Python language. Thanks!"
"  This is a great course. The teacher not only knows his material, but has a lot of experience working with first time programmers and so knows what errors they are likely to make and what questions they are likely to ask and addresses them all. He is fun to listen to, unlike some moocs I have taken where the teachers were reading and got the intonation all wrong--very distracting. This one wasn't like that by far. He was interesting and even funny at times.  "
"During the first assignment, I was taken aback by being given something to solve that was a bit more advanced than what had been learned up to that point, but this was great, because it gave me time to try a couple of things, to see what works, and what doesn't. Felt a bit sad when I struggled, but when I finally succeeded I felt great, and confident in solving related problems. It is really great to learn by making mistakes and trying to figure stuff out."
"This class was very well done. I really enjoyed Dr. Chuck's explanations and the way the class flowed. I do wish it covered a bit more at a slightly accelerated rate.  However, this may be because I'm used to the usual college class intensity.  With that said, I don't have any complaints. I feel like I learned a lot of useful information . I believe this class has laid a good foundation for what is to come.  I would strongly recommend this class to others."
"This course offers a good exposure to the fundamentals of Python for the non-programmers.The instructor is engaging and delivers the material in a crisp manner. The only part of the course that can be improved is the length of lectures.Many lectures are longer than 6 mins  and most cross the 10 min barrier. They can be broken down into smaller lectures , but the engaging presentation by the instructor ensures that no boredom seeps in at any point in time."
"Great course for new and experienced programmers alike looking to add Python to their toolbelt. If you're a self-taught programmer, the course can provides you with some basic vocabulary about programming idioms that you may not have had the words for previously. The professor was also quite charming, frequently using humour to lighten the subject matter. I do recommend this course for people that are either new to programming or programming with Python."
"Hi this is Suraj,It was a great experience learning python. I really loved the way the quiz were designed and also the course went on smoothly. Not everything was told in the video so I had to google things out to complete the assignments. Like how do I print all numbers in one single line while using a loop, and also how do I print something without giving a space. These basic things I feel were left on purpose to push the student to explore and learn."
"Great course! I had 11 years with no programming activities, I was a developer for Delphy & PowerBuilder 11 years back but Python seems to be quite interesting to learn out. This course is great for people that have little experience on programming languages, but it was great for me as 11 years is a lot time, now I want to learn web / digital programming languages and I'll continue studying other Python courses in coursera for sure!!!!. Thanks a million"
"I've had some prior experience with Python 2 before yet this course was far from boring and reminded of some functions which I have never internalised before such as try/except or continue or break the loop. Dr Chuck has been fun to watch yet they managed to achieve outstanding clarity above all. Lastly, the additional resources like the interviews with Guido van Rossum were extremely interesting and making me want to learn Python even more. Thank you!"
This course is really awesome! Hands down to Dr. Chuck for his way of teaching. The best Python course you could find anywhere. And I come from the background where I have spent a lot of time searching for a good course for getting my Python basics cleared. This course has helped me get them clear.Starting the next courses in the Py4e specialization right away!Big thanks to Coursera and the University of Michigan for providing such a wonderful course!!
"Dear Chuck,Can I call you Chuck? Anyway Sir, you are AWESOME!! If I become a programmer in my life, you'll be the only reason for it. You simply are great. I wish I had more teachers like you. I also wish I could meet you and tell you in person, that you are the personification of pure awesomness. Thank you soooooo muchYours truly,A student who absolutely loves you and is eternally grateful to you from the other part of the world :)Keep being awesome!!"
This  is the perfect course for anyone who wants to learn python. It not only teaches you the basics of python but also helps you very much in understanding the basics of programming.The instructor is a person of great knowledge and wisdom.The lecture videos are very interesting and helpful.The Coursera platform is also excellent. I truly recommend this course to anyone who wishes to learn python.Thank you Coursera and special thanks to the instructor
"This is a great course for those with no programming experience, especially since it involves python. I recommend to anyone with no experience that they start with python because the syntax is easy to learn and it is as close to psuedo-code used to develop algorithms as it comes. Although I have years of experience with python in my undergraduate and graduate research, I respect the teaching quality and attention to detail used throughout this course.  "
"Is very good course for those who is start programming by choosing python as their first language and it might be a little boring for those guys who has a good programming knowledge but I think it is the best course which I have completed online and it is best because they have provided a lots of pre-prepared contents like PPTs, book, programs,.etc. which might be very good for people like me- who make notes or who like to go through lots of content."
"This course is the best way to start your programming journey. It not only provides you a systematic and an easy way to understand the Python programming language, all thanks to Professor Charles Severance's interactive and friendly approach which not benefits specially the beginner level programmers but also helps you retain the knowledge with the help of practically performing the assignments and answering quizzes.  This course is truly motivating!"
"This has been one of the best educational experience I have had and I have had some, Ph.D., MBA.   The best part about this course is that it is impeccably organized and possess timely help to students in need of assistance.  This course should be used as the “gold standard” for teaching, whether online or in the classroom.  I send my congratulations to all that have been and are now involved with overseeing the success of this wonderful achievement."
"It is the first course I have successfully completed on Coursera. I had a vague background in programming from my undergraduate studies in Engineering, but I have always wanted to learn more. I have found this Course to be the right place so far. I think it’s oriented to anybody who wants to learn to program in general with no specific background and that definitely has been ideal for me. I am continuing with the next course, let’s see how it goes..."
"I found the instructor to be very informative, having no background in coding myself he made it easy and fun to learn the topics for the course. The only frustrating thing about the class was that the auto grader for assignments would not always recognize when requirements for an assignment had been met. So, even though the code was correct and I got the desired output I would sometimes have to try it in a multitude of ways to get my grade to store."
"Great book, fun course. I mainly read chapters of a book instead of watching videos, then did tests and exercises. However, slides were very useful for refreshing before starting a new chapter or just to have a look at key points summarized. I am very thankful to the authors, who made learning my first programming language non-frustrating. I really got addicted to it. I admire the comparison of Python to a dog who doesn't understand what you want fr "
"Amazing intro to programming class.  I'm consulting with a tech startup and wanted to have better conversations with my developers.  This is a great class to learn the ""theory"" of programming.  I started taking an HTML, CSS and Javs Script class about half way through (chapter 4), because I need some piratical application.  However, this course gave me the foundation.  It's good to get error msgs!!!  Looking forward to taking the rest of the series!"
"Outstanding introduction to Python programming language that will lay strong foundation to the more advanced topics about Python. The teaching style is superb and the things you learn stick in the long term memory really quickly. You need, however, to put additional effort on your side in order to truly ""get"" what's going on and learn and program as much as you can, as doing is really learning. Excellent, excellent course, teacher and the community."
"This is the best course ever, I have never enjoyed any course this much. I would like to thank Dr. Chuck for putting so much efforts to make students learn at their best. Everything about this course is so perfect , the assessments, the quiz which helps to brush up your skill. I have never been to complete any course yet, this was the first one, again Amazing content , and the most amazing instructor. Thankyou coursera, for bringing up this course."
"
his is a well-designed, well-taught course to learn about basics of 
python and control flow.Apart form engaging teaching and amazing 
content, I loved the Bonus videos(they were really insightful, made me 
surprised and motivated at the same time, to learn python and 
programming) and Dr. Chuck's goal behind teaching this course is really 
inspiring. It also gives a glimpse of how programs work under thehood 
on the hardware viz. memory, CPU etc.

"
"Excellent Course! This course really gives someone the foundation of python coding and gives yourself early confidence in learning this skill to continue to take on new challenges in working towards being an expert. You will not come away with building any major project from this class, but it will definitely give you the foundation in getting to build that next level of this skill. If you are an aggressive learner you can complete within 2 weeks. "
"As the course says, programming here is for everybody! Even a person with zero programming knowledge can easily crack this up. It is a very user friendly learning tool. One can easily finish the course with so much flexibility and adaptiveness. The course is really qualitative and suits a developing programmer who's needs are simple. I am completely satisfied with the course as it met my goal which was to learn the first step of coding in python.  "
"  This is the perfect course for someone who is a beginner.  I understood the logic and  made it simple to remember how to program. The instructor and lessons are understandable and fun to learn and I can say I actually learned how to program.   I came from zero python knowledge and was very pleased with what I acquired over this course. Additionally, the professor is very personable and  about the course material and the delivery method. Thank you  "
Rating 5 stars for teaching style. When you are largely unfamiliar with programming it is important to not skip silly steps in explanation that might seem obvious. The information was very compact with made it easily digestible and encouraging to continue to the next level. The exercises increased nicely in complexity without sudden jumps in knowledge so that it would not give  the impression that you are stuck forever in the pit hole of doom ;-)
"This course is just amazing.
It help me start learning Python and also help to improve my English.
The professor is excellent and also very funny,i like him.
Course material is the reason that i choose the course.This course has a chinese subtitle,and also has a PDF version of the book(which also has translated into chinese),it's so good.
I will take the following course as well,and i think it will also help me a lot.
I'm looking forword to it."
Easy to understand and follow along. Having the lecture's typed out helped a lot with taking notes and going back over information that was mentioned and if something was mentioned quickly but you did not quite catch. Allowed to take your time and give your the resource to understand the material. Great instructor that clearly explained the material as well as gave easy examples for first time programmers to better understand what is going on. 
"This is an excellent course for a beginner with no coding background like myself. After contemplating on which course to start on learning programming, I am so glad I took this one.  This course built up my confidence in taking the challenge to learn something totally new! Lectures were engaging, study materials were adequate, reading the free online book before watching lecture videos really helped too. Thank you Prof. Chuck, you are awesome! "
"I'm Japanese.This is my second online lecture and I enjoyed it. For people who has some programming experience in other programming language like me, maybe this lecture seems a little boring and prolix.But if you hadn't write python,you want to study python,you don't want to overlook fundamental python syntax and you need experience of lecture by English teacher without your mother language subscript,this lecture will be good for your future."
Hello There! I am a PHP web application developer and I am highly interested to make myself a good programmer. Recently I am to learn OpenERP Software which is created using Python. I found this course very useful to enrich my skill in programming concept and learning Python. I am very happy to find this course via one of my friends. I am so excited. This is really a great opportunity to learn. Thanks much for your effort dear management! :-) 
"Dr. Chuck certainly has made a difference for me. His approach to teaching this class was natural, didn't even feel like an on-line course, and he certainly knows how to break the subject down into manageable bits. The quiz you get after a chapter is neither too simple nor too hard to grasp, just the right level of complexity to stimulate your thinking and thought process. Very well made, and I highly recommend it to anyone who's interested. "
"This course is very helpful and anyone can do this, as its name says Programming for Everybody, a person who has not done any programming before can also do this course. It will clear your basics and will make it stronger. It will cover all the basic concepts with examples and assignments. And Dr. Chuck is a very good mentor. I can assure you that you will not only learn from this course but you will also enjoy doing this course. Thank you."
"I learnt lot of things from here, i never used language before this course, because of my background is based on networking, i never think about that i can use language, Learning Python is very interesting, when you have such a nice Instructor like sir in ""Programming for Everybody "".Well I'm very much thankful to Coursera team to provide such nice platform, I will used these skills to my studies projects also. Thanks, Sadam Hussain Channa."
"it's a perfect programming course for those who has absolutely no idea of computer science. take me as an example: i'm an Art students, I major in business, I always thought CS is boring and much complicated (beyond my understanding ability), however, this course gives me confidence, and more importantly, I would like to learn further! Thank you Dr.Charles, wish you could come to Shanghai someday maybe, and I can join your office hour time."
"I have problems with focusing and specially focusing in lectures where the professors are too technical with their vocabulary, however with Professor Chuck's way of teaching I don't have this difficulty, he is able to teach in a way that is simple and posible to understand. I wish every professor can join this teaching style for the sake of learning ""complex concepts"" in an easy way.  Since the professor is really good the course is great!! "
  The course is absolutely well organised with proper guidance and teaching.The course guide Dr.Chuck (Charles Severance) is absolute fun to be with.He is a complete package of excellent teaching along with fun at the same time.The course is excellent for beginners where he starts from basics and make us understand about the working i.e how python executes.Pretty excited for further courses to know more about python from this great professor  
"A good introduction for beginners, rather too slow for someone who knows other languages. Given some people might never go beyond the first 7 weeks, I'd try to offer some more practical example, like why someone would want to use it. I see writing some command line utilities might be helpful, like perhaps processing a text file and removing double spaces, or something useful. But I understand why ""toy"" examples are necessary for beginners."
"I liked every second of this course, its a good thing to remember concepts of algorithm, Python is very easy in comparison to other languages (COUGH* Java) and was not disturbing, the teacher is great and attentive, the way Charles teached was a major differential, so i learned more than i tought i could learn, i'll get to the ""part 2"" of the course soon, just because i loved Python, and want to learn more about it.Thank you all very much!"
This is an excellent course and Dr. Severance makes the learning fun. Course 1 of 5 is extremely beginner level so if you already have some coding experience and find yourself getting bored with the detailed explanation of each bit try setting video speed to 2x. I did so and it helped me to stay focused during times that would have felt like over explanation. Plus Dr. Severance is quite fun to listen to and watch at twice his normal speed!
"Worth the time and the instructor made it even better to understand the course. I especially like the Harry Potter reference to making a choice to learn coding or python. It is worth learning programing, to use a reference, ""it's better to learn to use digital music than trying to figure out why no one has 8-tracks any more."" Technology is moving at a high speed and learning programming is part of it, and this course will get you started."
"It was a brilliant experience to study by the method Coursera has provided me. I am obliged to every single person who is somehow associated in the development of this worthy platform. Especial thanks to my instructor Dr. Charles R. Severance(Dr.Chuk), without whom i wouldn't be able to complete this course. Sir i truly cant express my thanks to you in words only. You are an amazing instructor. Thankyou very much. Thankyou Coursera...:)))   "
It was so good to learn the basics of Python with such an enthusiastic teacher! Dr Chuck takes into account that each one of us can have a different background with the world of programming and adapts the course for a beginners level. The presentations are clear and straight to the point and the activities at the end of each session necessary to test the new concepts. I highly recommend this course if you would like to start programming.
"I found the course fantastic! I would recommend it to everyone who has not added the skill of programming to their set of Skills. With such a great teacher as Charles Severance, you'd enjoy every bit of the course and also understand the very basic things you need to know about python! I'm glad I took the course. I've learned so much, and even so, easily. So interesting and easily learned that I spent a day in finishing the whole course!"
"Took this as ""Programming for Everybody""--my very first programming class. Loved it. It was hard from time to time, but well worth it. It's not likely I will do programming for a living, but understanding this medium makes a big difference for me when I encounter issues related to technology, data and the web. I believe everyone can benefit from some exposure to the world of programming. And this is by far the best course offered online."
"This course not just about syntax of programming language (unlike many other courses for beginners). It teaches you think as a programmer. It was pretty interesting to know how hardware works and how computer structure influences the coding. I found lots of great examples and the particular cases on the conditions, loops, and functions that can now be used by me in JavaScript and Swift. The best tutorial on code basics! Thanks Dr. Chuck!"
There is nothing better than being taught by passionate people. Charles Severance is one of those rare gems of education. Online learning was also new to me and definitely something very I wish I had been able to do when I was studying 20 years ago.The bonus videos were very interesting and this is something that adds a lot of value to the course.I have done the first course only (in 3 days) and will try to wrap the specialization soon.
A really nice introductory style course for the python. I had no experience for python but however i did knew a bit of coding and stuff. The very basics concepts have been taught and helps you understand the building blocks on any code or program and how it executes. The instructor  has a very nice mood and helps you learn things with Fun and sometime even lightens your mood by punching some nice old jokes... i like it and its awesome.
"This course is a great introduction for anyone who has no background at all in computer programming. The instructor is spot on - he's friendly, patient and it's very easy to follow what he's trying to explain.I did have some previous experience with Stata so it was easier for me to follow as I already understood some basic concepts. But I bet this course can be useful to anyone with a hint of enthusiasm, regardless of their background."
I m very thankful for the team coursera who given me the opportunity to complete the course and providing me the certificate.I m very thanfull to team coursera you consider my financial aid and allow me to freely join the course.This certificate plays very important role in my carrer.thank you so much coursera.Its my pleasure towards you.please give me such a more opportunities so could i expand my carrer at a great height............
"I am a GIS Analyst who could really benefit from an improved Python skill set.  In the past I have tried to take Python courses but became frustrated early on in the classes for a variety of reasons (not enough background info on topics, not enough instructor support, etc.).  This class really helped me understand the basics and perhaps more importantly, it piqued my interest.  Dr. Severence is great.  Stay quirky!  It is lots of fun."
"An excellent introductory course to learn the basic concepts and thought patterns that everyone needs to be able to combine basic programming skills with their current line of work. The class uses practical examples that most of us can relate to instead of theoretical ones. I highly recommend starting with this course before taking more advanced programming courses, especially if you have no prior programming education or experience."
"Great course.  Very approachable, well taught, well paced.  Well suited to people completely new to computer programming and for those with computer experience looking to learn Python.  The professor is great!  He does an excellent job of explaining the what, why, and how of basic computer programming concepts.  Which will serve you well no matter what language you learn going forward, as the concepts apply across software languages."
"Interesting introduction course for people who want to learn Python. You don't need programming skills (though they always come in handy), because the course starts at the very beginning. I guess this helps everybody to easily adapt to the language, which itself in my opinion is pretty straight forward and quite easy to learn. I'm really looking forward to the more tricky and complex parts in the other courses of this specialization."
"Very very well taught from the very basics, beautifully explained with fun bonus sections as well, would definitely recommend enthusiast learners to begin with this course if you want to begin with programming in python. Fairly easy and good number of assignments which at times really tests what you have learnt to make one learn the concepts in depth and understand it well. Thank you coursera and Dr. Chuck for this wonderful course "
Before this course I always thought of programming as a frightening monster. But enrolling in this course was on of the best things to happen as the instructor taught and carried out this course in a very elegant way. The course was well paced and I never felt throughout this course that It couldn't be completed successfully as it happened before in other programming courses at my institute. Thank you Charles and thank you coursera
"Great course. For me it was a refresher of the basic programming skills that I learned in undergrad but have rarely put to use. I needed to know very basic things like what editor to use, how to run python files, and the syntax / structure of loops, etc. I got all that and more! I appreciate the instructors enthusiasm, and I think this course could be a good introduction to programming for students who have never programmed before. "
"I have see many courses of computer programing in courser, some are not really good and some are not really for beginners (even if they say it). So I follow this course ones before and I din not finish but I really like it, because is for beginners, is clear and slow in the way to show the topic, is fun, but also and most importan I feel like I'm learning a lot. Almost finish course 1 and really optimistic to do all specialization. "
"This is the first online course I have ever completed. It has been an amazing journey. With limited knowledge in computer science, I never truly imagined myself being able to write lines of codes. Dr. Chuck is an excellent teacher. I adore him for making this intimidating course accessible and enjoyable. I also truly appreciate Coursera for granting me a scholarship to take this course free. I cannot wait to start the next course. "
"i am sure about my research in ""structural optimization of high rise buildings""  it is helpful to write some sub programmes to find maximum displacements, story stiffness, fundamental frequencies, story drift, time period etc. from  software (like ETABS, STAAD, etc.,) output. i observed while learning my courses all the speakers are given very inspired sessions. i thank to god give me opportunity to learn in this  online coursera."
"This course is an excellent and detailed introduction into how to code the basics of python. The examples in the free book provided are a very helpful companion to the assignments in the course. They don't give the whole answer, which makes you think critically and logically about the code you need to write. Stick with it and you will get the rewards, I've already started the 2nd course in this specialization. Thank you Dr. Chuck!"
This course is really helpful for people who are planning to try hands in the field of computation. Python I feel is a good platform to gain some coding experience because:a) It is easy to comprehend with simple syntax.b) It is very flexible.c)It adds good value to your CV. And I feel Professor Charles Severance has done a good job. I think maybe it will be better for the beginners to use the book along as they progress.Thank you.
"  For me this course with very easy as I had previous knowledge of Computer programming with C++, The course instructor is more than awesome, he makes it seem so simple and force you to love the course. Python is a very important language that is interfering with almost every field in the tech industry. This course gives you a great introduction to a language of a great importance and also introduce the computer science through it.  "
"I recommend this course for all those who have not been previously linked to the programming as it shows you the basics to get started. It is made for the public in general.
For those who speak Spanish as mother tongue, I recommend to use the English subtitles option so you can more easily follow the teacher and notice small details, which are often necessary in programming.
Thanks to the teacher for his pleasant way of teaching."
"As the name itself says "" Programming for Everybody"" is indeed for all, i thought i would lose interest from week 1 but i did not and here I am, finally i have completed course 1. Now I'am definitely going to continue course 2, and thank you so much for the understandable teaching, it was like a story, not confusing at all. Also, because of this course, I'am going to pursue a career in programming. Really inspired by this course. "
"The way the course has been made and taught is amazing! It introduces is a course TRULY designed for absolute beginners. I enjoyed the course and Dr. Chuck is simply amazing. If you have a background in any other coding language, the concepts of this course feel like a summer breeze, with a few python specific syntax here and there. Overall I enjoyed the course and managed to finish it way ahead of schedule. Thank you Dr. Chuck!"
"It is the best course for the python beginner to learn the syntax...If the student is aware of other programming languages like c, c++ and java. you can complete this course in 2 days.if you are not aware of other courses then you need to see the textbook that was suggested and I would suggest another text book for python that is Python crash course by Eric Matthes. This is one of the good book for python to learn......basics..."
"In my opinion this was an excellent course. All the information was available, and well explained. The professor Dr. Chuck it's a great teacher, he made me laugh a couple of times, so I really enjoy all the videos and excercises. I found very interesting all the interviews to famous people, such as Guido Van Rossum, Massimo Banzi and Daphne Koller. Thanks so much to everyone who makes this course possible and thanks to Coursera."
"Like the title states, 'Getting started..'. So if you have prior programming experience this might feel a bit elementary, but if you're completely new to Python there's still plenty of things to get you going faster with Python. And if you're completely new to programming... This course is definitely bang for the buck! Very easy to follow, great examples to get things sinking in fast and in overall, very well constructed course."
"Its easy to understand! You've got a plenty of time to complete all courses. Don't give up, your almost there :)

The instructor explains the code in such a simplest way you could imagine, you always can pause and rewind if anything falls behind. The courses are split to 2 which you still can continue to learn after completed the part 1. Overall its a great experience to learn python with coursera! You should give it a try too."
"This course was a lot of fun. If you're completely new to programming, this is a very basic and easy course so you won't likely have any trouble understanding. However, if you have prior knowledge in programming in a different language and taking this course just to learn Python syntax, you should complete the course very fast and move to the next one to get more in depth knowledge in Python because this will be a bit too easy."
"This course is helpful for being introduced to Python. The only comments I have is to maybe increase the amount of exercises to really drill the concepts in. Also, to include all current chapter components learned into the current chapter exercise. For example, try and except wasn't applied until the next chapter or two. Not a real problem, but would be helpful while it is still fresh and able to work a few different exercises."
"Really good course . I have learnt a lot in this course's graded assignments and quizzes and also from the video lectures . I do recommend this great course for everyone who is just beginning to learn python. Great course . Thank you Dr . Charles Severance . I am really grateful to coursera and to Dr.Chuck for this wonderful course. I sincerely thank my instructor, University of Michigan and Coursera for this wonderful course."
"I'm studying programming to change my career. I always thought programming was very difficult, a job for a few brilliant minds only, but Dr. Chuck made me believe it is doable. Don´t get me wrong! Programming takes A LOT of work, but it is far from impossible... Also, learning only the basics in programming already gives you a totally different view of the world. Thank you Dr. Chuck and Coursera, you literally changed my life."
"I have completed this course,in a weekend spending 3-4 hours a days and found the course difficulty to be easy.The course is really easy to understand and the assignments and quiz makes it easy to build the concepts. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to start Python programming. The way Dr. Charles teaches the concepts is a very interactive fashion and this keeps you motivated to complete the course. Thank you."
"I was already familiar with programing basics (if statements, while loop, for loop, etc.), and I took this course to familiarize myself with python syntax. If this is your first time programming, I highly recommend this course. Lectures provide great explanations of python basics and Prof. Severance is an entertaining lecturer. However, while lectures are great, I wish the course had more practice problems for each assignment."
"A very creative, simple and clear way to explain a language you might have no idea about. Hats off to Dr Charles Severance for his great work to move from one point to another. I really appreciate it. The method of teaching is simple and increases your rate to learn. I will not hide the fact that it was my first time I wanted to learn more and more. Thank you Coursera and Dr Charles Severance for making it memorable. Loved it! "
"I'm studding Journalism and I didn't know nothing about programming. I 
found this course very interesting, when I finished the degree, I will 
need to collect and analyze tons of data, I think and this course gave 
me a little introduction in this fascinating world of Python!

All the material is well explained, and you can see him programming too so you can copy his code to check and study it. 

A really good course, thanks!"
"Great course for those who have zero programming experience. The course is very well structured and designed to walk you through the learning process to more advanced material in the future courses. The assessment is done through interactive assignments and quizzes.I'm glad to have a privilege of taking this course and would like to thank Dr. Chuck, University of Michigan and Coursera for this wonderful opportunity!Thank you!"
"I enjoyed this course very much, I had zero previous experience and it was relatively easy to understand the concepts plus the professor was really engaging. I had some difficulties with the assignments but I got my questions answered through the forum or searching help online. I did enjoy the videos about office hours and tech conversations, I learned interesting facts I didn't know from them. I'm planning to keep learning."
"  This course not only help me to learn python but also helped me to put my hands on c language  and I started implementing the same in arduino programming as well. learning from dr,Charles Severance  is very awesome experince because his teaching techniques are awesome ,I am 100% sure that at the end of the course you will start writing code like pro. But it can only happen if you are willing to pay attention from the start.  "
"I feel this is the best python basic course for beginners and the best part is prof. Charles Severance from the University of Michigan is teaching us. he is the author of the book ""Python for everybody"" and for every week's assignments, we have a bonus video where he interacts with top inventors of the industry.which is awesome !! thank you so much Coursera and the University of Michigan for the opportunity to learn online. "
"This is great place to learn.According to me the videos, and documents shared in this portal are very helpful and relates to the real world. which makes the things to understand easily.Thanks to Coursera, for providing such a platform, where we can explore our self, and do review of others. put queries and answer to others  queries too,'Thanks to ""Charles Severance"" for his beautiful presentation and knowledgeable lectures. "
The course was great. This is my first course on Coursera and am pretty happy with the way it progressed. It gave me an insight into the basics of Python programming and helped me write simple programs on my own. The speaker was too good at explaining minute things which help error-free programming. I am grateful to the speaker for helping me set my first step into Python programming and will always be thankful to you Sir.
"  This course is what I was looking for - an inexpensive course that covers all the important topics in detail!I would recommend everyone who's looking to learn to program to start with this course, as it builds the required concepts in a systematic approach.It is better if you download the free pdf of the book that was recommended in Week 1 of the course, as it has all the theory required to keep up with the lecture videos.  "
"IT is very usefulful to me because I am from Mechanical Department and it is beginning for me.I didn't expected that i can learn and implement the python language. Thank you so much Dr. Charles who teach a very beautiful and meaningful class. And thank you coursera for giving us an opportunity to learn something in free of cost. Thank you everybody,I am Hemendra Kumawat , Poornima College of Engineering ,Jaipur ,Rajasthan"
"I actually had previous python knowledge, and i have working on other programming languages for the past one year. But this course is very recommended for absolute beginners who want to get to know about programming language. Well, if you're not a CS student, you can take this course anyway. No problem at all, because the topics were very basic, and the teacher delivered them very nicely with relatable examples. Thank you"
"Mr. Charles is a wonderful tutor and has put so much thought into explaining the control flow of python language. I'm a computer science student so most of the concepts explained are familiar to me, even if you are a beginner he completely breaks down each and everything he explains which is extremely useful in burying the concepts in your mind. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to get started with python."
"Learning is more than repeat guided steps in order to master them.Learning is a change behavior of the brain in order to see the world differently. So this course not only teach me how to program but also enhace my sensebility of seeing things around me. To become a programer, to become a better person, to become more focused to become wise i recommend this classes. Thank you a lot for all involved in this awesome course."
"Really enjoyed the course. The material is clear and well presented, and the quality of tuition was brilliant. Very helpful discussion boards and relatively challenging assignments that force you to apply what you have learned. The pace is pretty relaxed which is great if you have a fulltime job or other commitments - then again, it is an introductory course, so that might be expected. Can't really think of any negatives."
"I have worked on python previously . I just wanted to brush up my skills, so I looked up for some courses here and I found this one with good review. I wasn't so sure , therefore I thought to go through couple of videos. And I completed the whole course because it was really a good one. I feel this course is quiet good and for beginners , its best. I would recommend to do couple of videos and you will know why I say so ."
"This course is perfect if you have zero to little experience on the overall basic programming paradigm. It contains simple but insightful exercises which will help you to understand concepts (from variable declaration to loops) with ease (the teacher is great). If you are fairly used to dealing with programming and you need something challenging, then this course could seem too much easy and familiar, but helpful anyway."
"Charles is an excellent tutor. His tutorials insists that you, as someone who is taking baby steps in programming, to not take shortcuts and develop your command of the language akin to someone learning composition in elementary school. Makes you comfortable with the syntax, gets your confidence running, and then introduce the complex stuff. He's a tutor that doesn't make your programming experience mundane. Recommended. "
"Absolutely amazing. The flow of Professor Charles Severance is super easy to understand and follow. Super appreciation to the University of Michigan and Prof. Chuck for creating this. A suggestion- Maybe a few un graded sample problems may be added after every week. These may be kept a bit tricky and have a time limit of say, 3-4 hours to solve, after which the solved code is shown. That will immensely help for practice"
This course is literally for everybody who wants to learn programming and does not know where to start from.  For me this is the first step to enter the realm of data science  as this course enabled me to learn python programming from scratch. It also helped me revise the most basic programming principles. I highly recommend this course to all the beginners and to all who want to learn this amazing programming language.   
This course is very helpful for those guys who start the python as their first language. Also if you are at the beginner level or you didn't know about python then this course is very helpful for you. I myself complete this course and also recommend you guys to enrolled for this course.and at last I am very thankful to coursera for providing this course. And also i am very thankful to Charles Russell Severance Thank you   
  Dr. chuck is able to deliver this course in a very organised way and in very short videos that makes the learning very easy and enjoyable. Course is very nice and can easily be understood by a learner who doesn't have any prior knowledge of programming. It is easy to take notes while learning and assignments are like small hands-on project to make your concepts strong. Hence overall this course is worth taking. Thankyou  
"This was my first ever online course and it was a great experience indeed. I had never thought that an online course would be so much effective. I gained a plenty of knowledge through this course; thanks to Dr. Charles Severance for such a wonderful teaching. After completing this course, I have no fear towards programming. It was an fantastic experience overall and I will definitely recommend this course to my friends.  "
"For students like me who have no prior experience in programming, this course is definite a great introduction!  The professor introduced each statement in an explicit way that explained the 'background thinking' of Python, which is very helpful when you try to understand how Python work. Also, discussion forum is a quite good resource as well, especially when I was dealing with assignments. Highly reommend this course!"
"I really enjoyed this course ; something that could have been complicated and maybe even boring became quite fun to learn thanks to an excellent teacher! For people whose first language is NOT english : even if you don't choose to put the subtitles -or your language isn't in the list-, the english used is easy enough to understand, I didn't have any problems with it even when I was really tired. Good luck and thank you!"
The course was easy to understand for people with no prior programming experience and was well designed for distance learning.  Dr. Charles has a fun way of explaining the dry concepts and the bonus videos really helped me in understanding the bigger picture for doing this course. I initially planned to attend this course twice a week but found myself making time for it every day of the week.Great stuff and thank you !
I took the whole specialization which I strongly recommend over individual pieces. These courses go through a book provided by Charles Severance. He includes all the material and TONS of code he made. Charles goes through all the code he brings up in the class and explains each piece. There are fluff pieces throughout that are not necessary to pass but offer some history. Overall a great course with a great instructor.
"The course was really well presented, taught and clear, and although i would prefer it would have been taught in the newer version of python, it actually helped me to do some research and learn new material.A warm special thanks to Prof. Charles Severance for his logical and laid back approach.I hope that a follow up to some more advanced programming in Python will take place in the future.Many thanks Ricardo Fernandes"
I really enjoy the videos describing the history of the language.  The exercises were very good and the 'Office Hours' videos were lots of fun.  Its really great to see how many people are interested in Python all around the world.  These all provided a good foundation.  I also thought it was great to be able to do the exercises and programming problems at any time.   I look forward to the second course in this series.   
"Excellent course.  A very useful introduction to those who want to dive into Python.  I especially recommend for those who are less comfortable with the process of computer programming, as this course will introduce and reinforce the concepts of iterating, construction of while, for loops, and the ins and outs of conditionals.  In short, if you are looking for a gentle introduction that has useful examples this is it!"
I really found this course easy to follow and it explained the fundamentals really well. I just want to say thank you to Charles Severance - I liked the way he presented the course and you can tell he has a great passion for this subject and his explanations were very clear. I haven't done Computer Science for a very long time and have recently decided to back to it and I'm really looking forwards to the next course!
"This course was excellent. Dr. Chuck is great at explaining things in very thorough detail to ensure that everybody understands the course. I really enjoyed it, and he made it easy to learn! The way he teaches really does make Python available to everybody! Although some things were review for me, I was glad to review them going into learning a new programming language. Thank you, Dr. Chuck, for the excellent class!!"
"Very easy to digest. Had a problem with the final exercise. The code I made was an optional experiment which I keep doing for every single lecture. Using lists in python, I made a code in which the user can choose LARGE or SMALL, to be found. But when I edited the code for the final assignment to run simultaneously, very weirdly, the code worked for large, but not for small. took me an hour to finish that assignment,"
"Dr. Chuck is an excellent instructor and the lectures were very simple and easy to learn. This course has paved the basic concept of python for me. Also, my interest in learning the python has increased. Thanks to Dr. Chuck for an incredible learning experience and thankful to coursera for providing such a platform to learn from the best people. Really recommending the course to the people want to start with python.  "
"I thoroughly enjoyed this class and feel that I learned a lot. The homework assignments were difficult but they also were good for applying what we have learned. Thank you Dr. Severence! He made the content very clear and easy to understand. I have tried learning before but failed in the past due to finding it difficult and losing motivation, but this course made me motivated and I am very proud that I completed it. "
"Writing a review because I genuinely appreciate his teaching style and his course content. The dedication with which he teaches makes me feel like I am sitting in his live class. For anyone who has been hesitating to start the programming or Python, enroll in this course and you will feel like all  the basics are getting cleared with an amazing assignment grader. Thank you Dr. Charles for introducing us to Python! "
I am a beginner of Python. And I am glad I choose this course and this specialization. I am really getting more excited about Python after every lecture of Prof Charles. He has made Python fun to learn. He covers every topic in great detail. And I am really looking forward to the next courses. I highly recommend this course to those who are interested in Python. I want to thank Prof Charles for the amazing course.
"Dr. Chuck sir . Thank you very very much for delivering these brilliant contents and making us comfortable with your humble words. Stay safe sir and wish you a very good life. Please Do visit Bangladesh if you wish. We would be glad and you would be glad to see our country. Also Please Please if you visit Bangladesh do visit our University, BRAC University. We will be both delighted and enlightened by your visit."
This course was excellent. A brilliant start to python programming or just programming in general. Chuck was an excellent teacher with very clear explanations. I really liked the background knowledge gained from the course which made everything much clearer and gave me a sound basis for learning and curiosity to learn more. I would definitely recommend this to anyone wishing to study programming. Thanks so much.
"This
course is excellent for people with little or no idea of programming. It takes
you from zero to a level where you feel confident in taking more courses in the
program.  The lectures are delivered in a
clear, direct, easy to understand and fun way. The course instructor through
this course has debunked the idea that programming is difficult to learn or
that programming is meant for only computer scientists."
"This course is a great tool for beginners diving into the programming world. As a first in a series of courses, it illustrates and engages you to participate in creating simple but useful programs. Like every ""first step"", it gets interesting and you start to think of it less as ""impossible to do"" . I certainly learnt a lot and i'm ready to develop more to integrate my skills for solving problems with big data."
"Charles does a wonderful job explaining the basics of Python scripting. Some of his logic description is really helpful. With that said, this course may be a little too basic if you have had experience with other scripting or coding languages in the past. I have worked a little bit in csh and Java, and found it a little basic for me at times, but there were good nuggets of info. I'd say any coding beginner shou"
"  Dr.Chuck was the best instructor one could ever get. I've learned some many new concepts. I never knew python before.Once I got registered for this course, it made me help to learn the basic principles of python.I am glad for coursera for offering these courses.At the end of the course,I've learnt the importance of python.The designing of assignments , material , quizzes were at it's best and were so creative.  "
"It's an amazing course. I learned a lot from this course. Not only did I learn programming, but I also learned how computer works when it comes to programming. The lecturing style is interesting and exciting for most of the time. It's short and precise. The explanation is clear and understandable. I like the flow chart and the summary of key concepts and key terminology of each lecture and chapters. Thank you. "
"A brief introduction to programming. If you are a beginner, you're probably going to love it. I already have a background on programming and I would say that for a advanced person, It will lack bonus materials and exercises as it is very simple and slow going. But despite of this fact, It is interesting to see how different teachers approach on the introductory subject using the most varied ways and examples."
"this program is too god,and my instructor is pretty good and a lot of stuff is with him.his way of teaching attracted me to watch the course without fail.i'm a mechanical student and this course learns you from the scratch without any prior knowledge.i suggest all to take a chance to enroll if you are intrested in programming.Finally,i thank my instructor Dr.Charles Severance  sir for learning me a new skill. "
"I just want to thank all the mentors and my fellow classmates for helping me achieve my first Python certificate here on Coursera! This course was challenging but not impossible to learn, i am so grateful to the University of Michigan and Mr. Charles Severance for helping this learning event happen. I recommend anyone who is interested in learning about Python take this course. It is affordable and effective! "
"Wow I have to say this is really a good course with excellent teacher! Before this course I have no idea of Python, I struggled and wasted a lot of time considering which language I should learn, Java or Python. Now after this course, I fall in love with Python, it's an elegant programming language easy to start with! For those who want to get start with their coding career, I strongly recommend this lecture!"
"Excellent beginner course for learning Python. The instructor slowly guides your thinking so that your thought process matches that of a Python programmer. Quizzes and especially assignments are relevant to testing your newly acquired skills. If you have a bit of experience in other languages, I recommend going quickly through the course, as I found a great deal of overlap in language that let me speed ahead."
"I loved this course and Dr. Chuck makes it easy to follow. I have prior programming experience, but was self-taught, so this helped structure some of my learnings. My only suggestion is to use a different color instead of white on neon for the blackboard drawings to make them easier to see. Other than that, I give this course 5 stars. I'm looking forward to my next course in the Python specialization series."
Good basic intro.  Professor doesn't take himself too seriously which makes the lectures entertaining as well as informative.  I would recommend this to someone who has no coding experience.I have some programming experience with Python.  I didn't need to watch the lectures to answer the questions.  There may need to be  some way to 'exempt' out of certain courses to get to next course in the specialization.
"This course is an easy to understand, fun, and very informational program that anybody can learn from. While taking this course I have gained the abilities necessary for managing large quantities of  information while executing simple commands. This system has aided me beyond just helpful. I can now provide others with this information ranging from close friends, work, and even my own instructors. Thank you."
"This is how things get done! One of the best online course for Python-2.7 for getting started. This one for sure, break the ice to get onto the advance level. Dr. Chuck is a real master; his method and style of teaching is very effective. I truly appreciate his time and effort putting this course and materials together. The Coursera platform is brilliantly tailored with this course. Thanks to Team Coursera!"
"I went through this course really fast because I'm already a bit acquainted with the Python environment, since I self though myself how to code in it. Despite this fact, I have to tank this course to fill many gaps on my knowledges. The Exercises were a good training method to test my skills, and the book is a really great material to start to learn Python. I wish I've attended this course many years ago :) "
"Professor Charles guide learners in a very enterteining manner through the programming basic concepts. I really reccomend this course for everyone who wants to start from the lowest level or scratch so as to begin understanding how to interact with logical and human- computer interaction. Even if you know something of programming, I think this is a good way of starting or modifying our logic to programming."
"This is a splendid introduction to a delightful and powerful programming language for the first-time programmer. But it's even more than that: Charles Severance is a gifted teacher who gets the neophyte up and running in a gentle and engaging style. Really! Anyone can learn to program a computer, and get a whiff of mastering technology. But beware! That whiff can lead to addiction... and not in a bad way..."
"Dr. Chuck was an awesome teacher.  I really wished i had someone like him in HS and College for my CS classes. I wasn't a CS major, but it was taught like we were...he speaks in such easy and understandable terms.  His examples are spot on.  I am still learning and making mistakes, but it's not frustrating in a bad way...it's actually making me try to figure it out and learn.  The sign of a great educator. "
"I am very impressed with the videos, book, auto-graded tests, exercises. I have never paid $10 for a programming book before and its helpful to quickly lookup an explanation. This is my first online course and it has motivated me to consider other classes. I really like be able to binge for a while and stop to look at other reference material. I have a second Python book Automate the Boring Stuff.thank you"
"Studying python with Professor Severance was such fun! This course is very friendly to people with even next to zero understanding of programming. It's so nice.Professor Severance's lectures are easy to comprehend. The assignments are good brain exercise for me. And solving each task gave me great sense of achievement. Thank you, professor. I couldn't have done it without your help. This course is amazing!"
"I loved this class. It's been over 15 years since I've been exposed to programming. I alway regretted not taking the opportunity to learn it. Now I'm getting into it, and I really like it. Even with no background in programming, I did think the class moved a little too slowly though. I finished the whole thing in less than a week and even did some additional exercises. I can't wait to start the next class!"
"I would like to thanks Dr. Chuck for making it so easier in terms of learning, understanding and applying simple python programs in order to take a step ahead in the programming world with so much of interest. I am also thankful to Coursera for providing specialization free of cost and also would like to recommend this course to everyone who want to learn programming but have no prior knowledge of coding. "
"Awesome explanation of basic programming with python.in this course i have learned input statement, output statement,boolean,operator, keyword, loops,if else statement ,try and except statement in python with wonderful explanation and programming example.this course have flexible deadline and appropriate  content for understanding basic.Also this course include discussion with different technology expert.  "
"The course comes across as too simple and a little slow at first, but it picks up during the latter half and becomes more challenging when Dr. Severans gets into function building and logic loops.  Great intro course for individuals who have very little to no programming background.  I feel like after the course, the student is well equipped to pick up a python book and start digging into greater details."
"This is a gentle and humorous introduction to not only Python, but programming in general.  Just the way a beginner's karate class focuses on simple actions completed well (Wipe on; wipe off ;-) but eventually gives instruction in the philosophies of non-violence and inter-connectedness, so too does Chuck endeavor to get you doing something at the start of class whilst leading you to the Deeper Mysteries. "
"This course has been the best programming class I have ever taken, and I have given programming several chances through multiple different courses.  The professor broke things down for someone without a programming background perfectly.  The material was taught with examples and a casual environment which enhanced my learning.  I give this course two thumbs up, cannot wait to complete the 4 course series.  "
"This is an excellent course for beginners. Helping them understand that learning programming is just like learning another language to talk to strangers, computers in this case. Ample examples to help any novice to relate and appreciate the art of programming. Thanks to the whole team for freely providing such excellent coursework. Making quality education available in every nook and corner of the world."
"The best course I've ever taken. Dr. Chuck is really cool, he is able to present material in such a way that you really start loving Python and everything seems much easier than it actually is. This course is for complete beginners. I've already finished another course on Python (from Rice University) after this one, and I must admit that the course from University of Michigan helped me a lot! Thank you!"
"Though I've just learnt the basics of programming, I imagine learning it can be overwhelming if taught the wrong way. This course is perfectly structured as an intro to programming to allow you to learn the language without discouraging you by trying to teach you too much at once. I very much enjoyed this course. Charles Severance is excellent and engaging teacher despite the fact that he's a Slytherin."
"This really helped spur me on towards something that I always wanted to learn. But never had the opportunity and dedication, most importantly. I would have to thank Coursera for providing this wonderful opportunity to learn especially in this time of COVID pandemic. And special regards to Dr. Charles Severance for making such a student-friendly course. Looking forward to further specialization courses."
"It is the best python programming course for beginners for four reasons. First, its content is informative. Second, you will gain that bunch of information and skills in a very short time (You can complete that course in 2 days if you have the will, passion and motivation). Third, the instructor is very good person and also very professional. Last but not least, you will never get board in this coarse."
"Very well STRUCTURED and ORGANIZED course. It is not very long too. Lectures are very useful, the professor is very friendly. Assignments are somewhat challenging and the programs you code are useful for your life. I loved the interviews with some academic and industry leaders, because I could learn what is the process to create something new and some of the things you've to deal with at the beginning."
"LOVED THE WAY, HOW THE INSTRUCTOR WAS TEACHING US, mainly the thing which I liked the most is, before starting a new topic, he used to give us hints about that topic in the previous part, so that we just don't fear from the new topic, that topic starts looking familiar to us.....and the best part that he made me believe that python is just same as ELDER WAND, it's on us that how we try to use it.... :)"
"this course is awesome, it opened up the door of programming to me and man do I love this whole new world of knowledge and skill. Dr.'s Lecture was easy to understand and also fun to watch, with the proper amount of practicing from the assignment, as well as the quizzes that help analyze and remember the content, This MOOC here is simply so far the best introductory into Python (As well as programming) "
"Excellent course for those with no prior knowledge of programming or Python. Personally, I have worked with scripts for several years, but the introduction to Python was extremely useful. I completed this course in 1 day, so for those who have basic programming skills (understand statements, conditions, loops and basic programming logic) this course should be an easy short intro to the language itself."
"As a total beginner, not only in Python, but programming as well, I found this course to be extremely helpful. Slow-paced, the order of the chapters makes sense; the best Python course I've rolled in and the only one that kept me. Lots of extra material to practice on and Dr. Chuck keeps it interesting and fun, without being over-the-top. I am definitely giving a shot to the rest of the specialization."
"I enjoyed this course.Thank you, Mr. Charles Severance for elaborate teaching and for making the sessions interesting with all the questions asked and time given for students to pause - think and continue. Since I had prior experience in programming I found it easy to clear this course. I will be enrolling for the next course in Python offered by you.This is my first Coursera course and I am impressed!"
"The best possible python course available over there for beginners who are getting or wanted to get started with python. The biggest USP of this course will always be the simplicity with the Dr.Chuck has explained everything. I can't ever be thankful enough to Coursera for giving me this unique opportunity to learn from such a great instructor from the comfort of my house. Thank You So Much, Coursera!"
"The best course on python till date to get the concepts in a relatable way that you will not forget them for a long time, Dr Chuck has gone the extra mile to make the course interactive and the assignments are very concise and make you recall and apply the learned content in the respective chapters,
i found the quiz very good as it breifs the concepts and i think it will greatly help during interviews "
"As an electrical engineer, you might thing Python would be easy for me to learn. But I'm a construction engineer not a programmer so the answer was Eh, in some ways. The basic language format was clear but I had difficulty understand Python execution.  This  class reintroduced me to the basics in a way I could zoom through quickly when applicable and focus as necessary.  Definitely going to recommend. "
"Perfect course for beginners in coding I think.  Of course, I'm not necessarily a beginner so maybe I'm biased.  However, I've never taken a computer science course and I had no issues here.  I've tried learning Python before but all I find is instruction on the syntax.  This class actually helps you use python on your own computer from the beginning.  The book and forums are both very useful as well."
"The instructor for this course is Charles Severance aka Dr. Chuck. & his narration/explanation is excellent; it's simple, lucid, and to-the-point. Also, you don't feel very formal taking this course, sometimes Dr. Chuck is humorous, & it helps.A lot of work goes into making a Coursera course. This course can even be taught as the first programming language, and python is my first programming language."
"Best thing about this course is that the instructor Charles Severance explains the concepts in a lucid manner without taking too much time and the real-world analogies makes it easier to understand everything. He sure knows how to keep his class engaged, like that sorting hat video or his 'Computer Science' jokes. The extra effort he puts in is evident from the Bonus videos at the end of every class."
"It was a good course. Simple explanations and good examples for everyone to understand the logic of programming. Of course as you can understand from the topic of the course it is for beginners, but if you are advanced you can finish the course so much faster also.As a conclusion i am happy what i learned from this course and will continue to dig Python for advanced courses from Michigan University."
"good course for learning  python from beginning .its  a  course by which we who take interest in computer science . As we know , python is modern language for developing and creating ,designing a software and we also know, at present time  python plateform become larger day by day due to its simple syntex .so it is the better course for starting the learning python as secondary and primary language."
"This course is a great intro to Python, Dr Chuck Severance is an excellent presenter and takes the students on a  journey though the basics of Python at a pace to suit the individual. It builds the students knowledge incrementally through the lectures and reenforces the knowledge through targeted assignments. Having looked at a number of online courses on Python this is the best I have seen to date."
"Fantastic course which I can't praise enough. I have made so many attempts at learning coding and finally I 'got' it. The course is very well thought-through, has assignments every week and the lecturer is just absolutely fantastic. Charles Severance is so engaging, understanding, and passionate and he explains concepts and tasks extremely  well. I can't wait to get started with the next course :)"
"Really lovely professor! This is the very first Python course for me. It successfully enabled me to gain the interest of this fantastic language and get myself prepared for the further studies. I also get additional prompts from other leaners, which is valuable for me and keep me motivated. I am more than happy to learn Python now and willing to contribute to this positive and encouraging society."
"I didn't enter this course because I wanted to learn Python as such; well that too, but I would actually like to teach, mentor, inspire and influence people in a positive way.  If I can be only half as good as Dr. Chuck, I'll be a very happy man :)When I have the financial resources, I would seriously consider doing the rest of the Python Specializations too.ThanksFrancois Laubscher, South Africa."
"If only I had found this course when I started programming! This course is the best one for absolute beginners I have ever seen. All details are explained clearly, the teacher pays attention to many important things that are missed in other courses. I would like to recommend the course for anyone who hasn't got any experience in programming yet. Thank you Dr. Severance for the work you have done!"
"Hello world!First, thank you so much to the best instructor Dr.Chuck is so funny also. So don't worry you can laugh sometimes with learning. About the course is a very good choice for someone who doesn't know anything in programming or who wanted to start in. I like the examples for Dr.Chuck they are so easy to understand. Absolutely, I learned a lot with him. Thank you so much and a lot of love."
"I started this course while looking to understand Python as a language because of my need to use it for my final year project. I have always loved coding but lately, the task of understanding a new language seemed insurmountable but taking this course with Doctor has helped me not only understand Python better but also helped me regain some of my previous confidence

THANK YOU DR. CHUCK

Cheers!!
"
"Really great course for anyone looking to start their programming education with python. Perfect for beginners and honestly a decent refresher course for novices as well. Highly recommend that EVERYONE take this course, even if you don't think you have a use for Python right now, as I think it helps you explore critical thinking and a new type of learning for those without programming experience. "
"It's a great course for programming beginners, which gives you a basic understanding of the programming and python, and it includes pretty practical skills that can be used on daily work or studying. Besides, Prof. Severance's a really interesting person and he actually makes the coding much easier to understand and to follow by steps, as well as more attractive than it sounds! Thank you so much!  "
"I liked the course and it helped me get back to studying after a long time. Dr Chuck was a very easy going teacher and I felt connected in listening to his lectures. The assignments, quiz and the reading material complimented the teachings. I took a while to get a grip of some of the functions, loops, iterations. For a beginning it felt good to do an online course (in the current COVID pandemic)"
This course was laid out in a very logical manner and covered all the basics for any aspiring Python developer. I'm really pleased with the breadth and depth of material that was covered. It was also presented in such a way that it was easy to understand and apply quickly. Dr. Chuck is also a great presenter who comes off very genuine in his videos and makes the longer videos very easy to watch. 
Content presented well.  Professor Chuck is great and feels like he's right there with you.  Very taken with his dedication and love of teaching.  It shines though and the course is wonderful.  I'm in it simply for the knowledge and it's all FREE!!!  This course should be mandatory in middle/high school.  So critical to just basic thinking and problem solving completely unrelated to programming.
"I've been studying their courses taught by Dr. Chuck since 2015 and I can unequivocally say that he is one of a kind — the kind that helps you really understand concepts in stuff they teach. I just wish there were more professors like him guiding students across the world in complex topics, because teaching is more than spewing out information to students, and he does great teaching. Oh my God!  "
"  An excellent introduction to the very basics of Python (and programming in general) taught by a personable, straightforward, and encouraging professor in Dr. Severance. No previous knowledge of Python or anything programming-related is necessary, though it would certainly help you complete the course much faster if you had any prior experience. Highly recommended for Python novices of all ages.  "
it was a wonderful experience on coursera to watch such a fantastic Professor like Dr. chuck and learning Python from such a great personal Human being. Thanks a lot to Dr. chuck for educating people through online platform like coursera over the world wide. This certificate will definately help me in my academic and to achieve my future goal.Thanks to University of Michigan.Thanks to Coursera.
"I printed the book and I was studying it and enjoying it on my free time. Unfortunately I was short noticed at work that my coursera subscription was going to be updated or something and that I should finish my pending courses ASAP. That made me rush on the online content but nevertheless the videos, exercises and materials online and offline are really good. Thank you very much for the course."
"This course took my python knowledge from 0 to hero in just a few days. The teacher, THE SEVERUS SNAPE, was awesome, he's funny when he needs to be in order to keep things interesting, but he is also a great teacher, and explains everything really well. (Charles you're much better than Severus Snape). I love the course, and I recommend it to any beginner who wants to learn the basics of python. "
"The best course I have ever seen on Coursera. The teacher has patience with explaining a complicated subject, and makes it reasy to follow excercises and the textbook. This course has really brought my commitment to coursera back, after I almost competely left (this was supposed to be 'the last shot'). All beacuse of a fantastic teacher that makes learning (even the subject of programming) fun!"
"Absolutely EXCELLENT course for those who have never programmed or those who just want to start learning Python.  Charles Severance does a great job of fostering understanding of the core, transferable concepts of programming.  Also, this course provides ancillary information that provides a rich context for Python and programming in general.  If you want to learn programming, take this course. "
Dr Chuck is extremely dedicated to teaching and clarity. His personality is very welcoming and he speaks clearly and thoughtfully. Some of the 'younger' MOOC instructors need to learn this to be more effective.I am going to try R Programming again.. but I wish John's Hopkins would take a few of Dr. Chuck's coures for inspiration on how to be more accessible.  Thanks Dr. C!   PLEASE KEEP IT FREE
"Everything is just excellent about lectures, demonstrations, instructor etc. But the thing that needs correction is the autograder. It shows the same code right at one time and wrong at another time. I nearly spent 2 hours on finding what went wrong with the code and ended with the inconsistent compiling of the autograder. That's the only perk. Other than that, everything is excellent. Cheers!"
"Excelent course, I tried several times to learn how to code with python (even tough im not an expert at the moment) but I always felt that the instructor assumed that i had some previous information, this case was totally the opposite, Dr. Chuck leaves no gap in knowledge and makes sure you understand (even shows us where the memory storage is and how does it looks). I want to learn much more."
"I am very glad by taking this course. Charles Russell is a great instructor, the way he taught is good as per the virtual learning. If he taught this well in the virtual lecture don't know how much better in the classroom. And Coursera thank you very much for this platform and the free course during this pandemic thanks a lot. Happy teaching to you and happy learning to me. Thankyou very much."
"  One of the best way to learn python is through this course. I love the way Dr. Chuck explains and elaborates each topic. His teaching is fantastic and he explains every topic very smoothly, the assignments and quizes conducted by them are excellent as they focus primarily on the basics. Dr. Chuck's course materials and slides are too good and gives us a lot of information. I loved this course.  "
"Coursera offers motivated learners immense online educational varietyIf you are a student, a teacher with an active interest in e-learning, or a professional looking to develop your education and career prospects, Coursera may well be of interest to you. This leading online training and university course elearning provider offers an almost unparalleled range of course titles.thanks to coursera"
My name is Jose Antonio. I am looking for a new Data Scientist career (https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseantonio11)I did this specialization to get new knowledge about Data Science Programming and better understand the technology and your practical applications. The course was excellent and the classes well taught by teachers.Congratulations to Coursera team and Instructors.Regards.Jose Antonio.
"I had this mental restraint whenever i used to think about coding in general. But the tutor made the whole concept and idea about the coding so easy that I think i have found the new interest in Python. He just did not teach python but he also taught how in general communication between humans and computer happens, i found this very fascinating. Im looking forward for many such courses ahead."
"Professor Severance explained it very clear and the content is very helpful for a beginner who has little knowledge of Python to start. The exercise is not hard (the last one is a little challenging) After the first course, I feel I know more abut Python and can't wait to start the 2nd one with Professor Severance. I highly recommend this course for someone who wants to start to learn Python. "
"Very good. I am a 31 year old accountant and have always wanted to learn programming. I've given it a few tries before, but I always ended up confused, bored, and discouraged. This course made it very clear what I needed to know and does a great job teaching you how to implement the concepts covered. I've already started the next course, and it continues in the same fashion. Thanks Dr. Chuck!"
"loved it ,i'm a under grad student in cs  i was interested in python for a long time and tried a bunch of python for beginners and didn't really go through with it. Dr chuks  passion and his way of teaching kept me interested to follow through .It was a easy enough because i already had c in my first semester and i gotta say python is way more fun.I want to complete the whole specialization."
"I started this course with no prior coding experience, yet I was easily able to follow through the material. This course requires a lot of practice to master, but its worth it. The textbook is a great addition to the course, and a thorough reading of assigned chapter leads to an even better understanding of the material. I wish more courses are designed on Coursera with a companion textbook."
"Very informative, the only down side is the last exercise is a bit to hard to do. It took me one day to figure out how to do that by using dict which isn't taught in this course. All and all, nice course, really appreciate the interview with the developer of Python and some outside information about the language, it makes me both interested and relaxed when learning this course 9.5 out of 10  "
This is the most helpful starter course for people who are interested in coding and Python. I would like to say thank you to the professor and his team who streamlined the course and provided great feedback during my learning process. This course helped me understand coding and the basics of Python. I am not sure how far I will go along the coding but this is definitely a great start for me! 
"Great course if you are a complete Python beginner. Helps you set up your machine and shows how to write simple scripts and execute them in terminal. Dr. Chuck is a fantastic teacher, and compared to other online courses here you will get fun lectures covering what you need on an introductory level. Also, all teaching material is available for free if one wishes to dig deeper. Two thumbs up!"
"A really great course to start learning how to program. Dr. Chuck, as everyone calls him, makes sure all the information is easy to grasp and apply in various assignments. It's a course that builds your confidence, as I have just completed this course and feel that I can make a pretty good program. This is the course to take if you are starting to program, as this Python course does the job."
"Dr. Chuck is awesome. I was so bad, sooooo bad in programming that when I used to see programs, I would say to myself that Let's watch something(I can do this later). But thanks to Dr. C that I bought even a book on programming now and I am eager to know more about it and enjoying every bit of it. I wish and hope if I would have some teacher like you before. Thanks Dr. C and thanks Coursera."
I will recommended this course to every beginners. This course provides a complete basic knowledge of Python Programming and very helpful in problem solving and building logic. In this course Dr. Charles  provides a video lectures with clear and proper explanations of each and every topic with example. I loved this Programming For Everybody Course by Dr. Charles From University Of Michigan.
"Dr. Severance's way of explaining the simplest of things with immense enthusiasm and great examples can hold the attention of anyone- be it an experienced programmer or an absolute layman. I like how the entire course content is available for anyone under the Creative Commons, this can do wonders in imparting programming education in countries like mine. Also, he seems to be a cool teacher. "
"I like Dr Chuck's way of teaching very much..and i loved doing the quiz and assignments ,the things you learn in the video , and then practically applying it really makes you grasp it deeply , The course really helps to develop your logic and creativity instead of being a boring ,lengthy , theoretical ,set of lectures , which are meant to be memorised.... great way of teaching Python ....."
Excellent class! Was not a big fan of online courses; especially technical material but Dr Chuck is awesome. So engaging and he really makes the class fun. Really like the bonus videos as well as the format. Each chapter/ section broken down into small chucks so easier to digest. Small sections was also helpful if Is something was unclear and had to re-watch or re-read. Highly recommended.
"This course is very helpful for those who wants to learn Python from basic. Besides, the instructor Dr.Chucks' teaching method is so helpful to understand this course easily although this was my first online course. At first I was little bit worried because of thinking that how much am I going to understand the Python but after watching few lectures I felt that I was learning comfortably. "
"I think Coursera deserves all the 5 stars for this course and I really thank Sir Charles Severance for teaching us so well.But I feel that the discussion forum needs a little more activeness to let us get answered by your professionals a little more efficiently. This is actually a bit difficult but it allows us, the students to be more independent.Thankyou so much!RegardsKhushboo Parashar"
"This course is excellent! Granted, I've learned some programming languages before so it was easy, and a good reminder of the basic elements of a programming language, but the lectures were entertaining and illustrative, the assignments were fun, and I think it's a good introduction to those who have not taken programming before. I really enjoyed the course! Looking forward to what's next!"
"Lecturer Charles is one amazing lecturer who brings joy into the world of programming. Prior to this course, I have been learning Python via youtube etc and find it very difficult to understand those videos on youtube. Lecturer Charles makes everything in the course easy to understand and even added in some touch of humour to make the classes more fun and entertaining. Highly recommended!"
Its a very good course specially for those who would like to learn programming from level zero as well as for those who has some knowledge about programming but not clear enough for him or her to continue with so therefore this course will help him or her to strengthen the basic of programming (of course in Python).Thanks to the respected instructor and thanks to coursera for the course!!
"The course was well laid out to build your skills in a seamless progression. Dr. Chuck presents the material in a clear and concise manner.  The material was neither too challenging, that it was ineffective, nor too easy, that it failed to get the student to make the connections needed for learning to occur. This is said for a student that has never programmed (I fall into that category). "
I have been struggling with coding for almost a year until I found this course...Following the lead of Charles Severance and the power of Slytherin I was able to complete this course in due time! it was by no means easy but entertaining! I still have a lot to learn and practice but I must say this course is worth all of it and I will be doing all these courses made by this great teacher! 
"This class really helped me to successfully start python 3. As a doctor of polymer chemisty, I have experienced MATLAB programming but I don't really know any basics or definition of the terms people using; I learned MATLAB myself with no fundamentals at all. I think PY4E is really helpful for whom need computation works, like numerical calculations, but don't know anything about python."
"  Even though the course is designed for people that do not know anything about programming, and I am an intermediate level programmer, I find it very enjoyable and interesting. The bonus lectures are the best. The assignments are easy and clear. But the most important thing is that the instructor ""Charles Russell Severance"" is amazing, he has a nice personality and he is very informative.  "
"  I am a Java Developer . So It was kind of very easy course for me . But for a beginner , I can say it's one of the best basic python course . Anyone with no coding background will find it useful . Professor is fantastic . Specially I loved the approach of not giving extra load . Smoothly building up . Anyone who is planning to start programming , should give it a try. Thanks coursera  .  "
"  I am very satisfied. This course offers a professional introduction to python programming. It includes personal experiences of the python makers and the teacher together with students around the world, a clear and well structured content including theory, explanations, examples, exercises, and tests. The teacher motivates continuously to think, to understand and apply the new knowledge.  "
"Print(""Hello World:)"")After trying my hands at many online courses, I found this one to be THE BEST. Reason: For someone like me who had no exposure to coding before this, this provided me the ultrabasic foundation. I have started to feel a little bit excited as I write code (and struggle too!). This had not happened earlier. Thank you, Professor Charles. You are really a great teacher!

"
"Very detailed course for who wants to understand the basis of programming. It really explains the ideas without assuming anything or jumping from a simple problem to a complex program without building the basis.. Is like being back to college, but choosing what you really want to study and at what time.. Thank you Dr. Chuck and Coursera for the opportunity.. keep up with the great work!"
"
Really great course! It gives excellent introduction to programming. 
Complex things are put in a very easy to understand way. Clear 
understanding gives a good start to use in practice. Excellent 
assignments and practice exercises. Definitely I will recommend this 
course as a start to my colleagues who would like to start learn 
programming! Thank you very much for this great course!
        

"
"The course has been tough, but good. I found Professor Charles Severance equal to the task. His presentation is excellent. I wish these courses could incorporate some practical examples before quizzes are given. This would boost students' confidence. I am promoted to the next stage of the course. I am therefore looking forward to it. Thank you 'Team Coursera, especially Prof Severance""!"
"It was interesting and new for me to take this online course. I enjoy the way Dr.Charles gave the lessons.But I still hope if there could be more exercises, like coding, that are not mandatory for us to practice.And it will be better if there is explanation for each exercise question, which does help us to firmly review what has been taught through previous videos. Overall, I did enjoy!"
"I have a background in music education, and wanted to dive into my husband's world so I took this course.  It has really helped me to think more like my husband.  I have started to communicate with him about his work instead of just listening intently and trying to understand on my own.  I expect the other courses to continue helping me move into his world so I can share in his passion."
"Super easy and broken down to the basics for absolute beginners to programming. But if you're someone  like me who's already had some basic knowledge about how programs and programming works it's going to be way easier for you and actually it might feel going a bit too slow at time.  Keeping in mind that this was made for absolute new-comers, it's all understandable and works fabulous. "
"I am glad that to have come across this course especially because I am from a non-programming background. The instructor makes it very easy for students with no programming language to understand the concepts of Python. Considering that most the jobs today require some degree of know-how on data analytics tools, languages and software, this course is the perfect start to Journey ahead."
"Its a good course having simple teaching style. i found a new Teaching style in here. If any mistake is in the code, tutor will always says its not you are not suitable for programming, it is python is lost.  I really appreciate that sentence, because that is more encourage students like me. Thanks to Coursera and University of Michigan for giving me this amazing tutor and this course."
"""This is the first time I have attended a class in this format and wondered how effective it would be. It was very effective and therefore I would definitely be interested in attending other classes in the same format. The instructor was very knowlegeable and provided a wealth of information about the current version, especially since the last version I used was several releases ago."""
"This is course is really good and useful as well as the instructor who has amazing way of explaining and introducing new concepts and material of science. I also like the bonus section very much with its interviews videos as well as the brilliant quizzes that really focus on the important points. I am really excited to complete the remaining courses. Thank You, University of Michigan!"
"I learned a lot from this course and Dr.Chuck is a great instructor, and I will take the new course and thanks to you for this certification from Coursera and the UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN, I really enjoyed learning this course .. Highly recommend it to anyone who wants to build programming skill using python, and from Egypt: God bless you Dr chuck, best instructor ever. yours sincerely."
This course is really well organised for beginners to learn and have basic understanding of python and how actually computer works and how a set of statements perform specific work and gives us desired output.Prof. has put in a lot of effort to make this course very interactive for us.Thanks for developing this course for us.I would suggest everyone who's beginner to take this course.
This is a very basic course. Everyone can understand the concepts well. I have already know the programming concepts and proficiency in C++. But the amazing thing is that my high school going son has studied this and even he can understand the concepts of programming. Now he is a position to write small programs. We are moving to the second course in this section.  Thank you very much
"I'm super happy that I found this course as the first course I chose to learn programming, before this course, I just believe that programming is way too hard for a girl like me to understand. Professor Severance really the kind of teacher who can ease your mind and teach you some amazing skills at the same time, the way he explains python really amusing and easy to understand.Thanks. "
"This is a very helpful course for beginners of Python. The instructor did a good job organizing the contents and explaining the concepts and code structure. I have some experience with some other programming language so the content is quite familiar, since there is lots of overlaps. However, I think people without any programming experience won't have any problem following the course."
I had no clue about how python would look and feel like even though I had basic C++ experience. I would say the course is designed so well and especially Prof. Dr. Chuk explains so calmly that I could easily understand and digest it. Thank you for such a wonderful course and an instructor for introducing me to Python in such a wonderful way. A memorable introduction to Python for me.
The instructor Dr. Charles Severance is really amazing he keeps you connected and learning. The course is very interesting and you will learn a lot. About 4 weeks ago I didnt know anything about python and now I have proudly  completed the course learning many new things and can't wait to use my skills further and pass on the knowledge. Thankyou Coursera Thankyou Dr.Charles Severance 
"The course was designed perfectly for a person who is unfamiliar with any kind of programming language. The instructor has put a great effort into making things easy. With a little effort, one can create his base for python. Watch all the lectures, read chapters from the book provided, and you are good to go. Overall, the course is exciting. You will not get bored during this course."
  On completing this course you will have a basic idea on python language. I really enjoyed taking this course. The in-between assignments will test your understanding and helps you to get the better knowledge about the language.The quizzes which are simple yet gives more fun.If you are interested in learning python language then complete this course for getting a good basic knowledge.  
This course is great!!! It will teach you the beginning of python syntax but more importantly it gives you a really good foundational understanding of the concepts behind the code you are writing. Like any new language there are moments when you get stuck and it is frustrating however Professor Severance's videos and the book actually make those moments quite navigable and rewarding. 
Dr. Chuck's way of teaching is always wonderful. This is a second course i have taken for Dr. Chuck and i am planning to take all the courses for Python specialization. This course is very helpful for the people who want to learn Python  programming as it contains very basics of programming and designed in such a way that anyone can learn it without having any programming background. 
"Everything was good, but as seen in the forum, more explanation around how to deal with ""None"" with respect to the minimum could have been included.  Additionally, I think there have been modifications and the final assignment has changed.  Specifically on the latter, the last assignment no longer ask to compute an average but rather a maximum and minimum.  Really good class overall."
my name is zaid. it was really an amazing course. i had no idea that 'Dr. CHUCK' would explain things so nicely. although i had few hiccups in graded assignments but it was overall fun. i forgot programming after my BTech from IIT (several years back). But now i again feel very enthusiastic and eager to do more and more programming.  thanks a lot coursera and thanks a lot Dr. Chuck. 
"  Hey there I just completed this course which was sponsored by my university, I want to tell you guys that this is a very easy course for learning basics of python plus the way of teaching of Dr chuck is very interesting, assignments are super easy. I just loved it.Note: you can complete this 7-week course in just 6 days if u want, as I did, so best of luck stay blessed stay inspired  "
"As someone who is already fluent in Java, ""Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)"" was a great way to start familiarizing myself with the general syntax of Python. I blew through this course in a couple of days, and really learned a lot about how to transform simple Java statements into Python. Great work in designing this course Dr. Severance! Onto Data Structures!"
"This training session is really a good kick start for the beginners who dream to learn an easy coding language, I would say I love Python now which would like to see myself from beginner to mid-level and advance level and thereafter to reach my goal to be a professional python developer.Thanks a lot to the trainer for spending his valuable time and sharing knowledge  with us..!! :-) "
"Professor Severance is an excellent instructor who focuses on clearly explaining the different components of Python. As a beginner to coding, I found this course to be very accessible,  while still being challenging enough that I remained engaged throughout the series of lectures, quizzes, and assignments. I would recommend this course to anyone who is interested in learning Python."
Wow.. what a journey!! This course is a great path for someone who wants to have a gentle taste what a programming is about.. Dr Chuck has done amazing job and sitting every evening on lectures and assignments was so enjoyable.. Thank you so much for an opportunity .. I have gained such a great skill thanks to your dedication.. what a great job! Thank you !! See you on Course 2!! ;) 
i am very thankful to coursera and it was my first course in coursera. i loved and like the way lecture teaches to student like me and the materials which are provided are good. i never felt bore in class and i am very thankful to have lecture like Dr.Charles Russell Severance and ii wish i could have get teacher like him in future. i liked continue my remaining courses in coursera
I wish i had a Professor Like Chuck in my college. His Style of Teaching is Very Interactive & Unique. While taking his course i would feel Tired or Bored. Once you sit to watch his lectures you'd want to just keep going & going & test what you've learned by completing the assignments which a given after each & every topic to keep you focused throughout the course. thankyou Chuck!!
"Dr. Chuck is an amazing teacher, i am a design student, and i had no prior knowledge of programming, still i could comprehend each new topic as it was introduced by sir, almost immediately.  i recommend everyone who wants to learn python to take up this course irrespective of your academic background. all you need is your phone and an internet connection and you are ready to start."
 Dr. Chuck is so interesting that you never get bored. You can pass the course in a few days with minimum or even no programming knowledge. It's a good starting point for beginners.A great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand. I had zero programming experience before and this class made it easy and fun to get into.
"The initial topics and concepts are very well explained, which helps to build a solid foundation for learning future advanced programming techniques. Prof. Charles has taken time to elaborate on basics which can be easily grasped by complete beginners. The language and pace of course is easy and the lessons are peppered with lot of examples and video interviews of industry experts."
"The course is excellent and helpful for zero background people to get to know Python step by step. And I really like the instructor as he actually get you through python step by step in a easily understood way. From the first course, programming is not like something magical to me any more and I got to know how computer works in the background. Thanks a lot for the amazing course!"
"I like the way that the instructor teached, very clear and straight forward while also vey humorous. I'm planning to take other classes which is relevent to python. By the way, I think this course might be a little to easy for people who have some basics for computer science or already learn other kinds of machine language. I suppose I would take more challenge classes if I known."
"I would recommend this course highly, Charles Severance is a delightful teacher who communicates easily to non-technical people and technical alike. What I like, is I feel like I understand what I'm doing, it's not a simple 'monkey see' or 'monkey do' process that is common with a lot of online courses. Very much enjoyed doing this course and would like to continue with some more."
"The only course I've actually start learning some programming. Especially good for those who don't know anything about programming and could hardly imagine how things done inside this electrical magic box.In some sense better than Codeschool, task is a bit harder, and the overall coverage is deeper, though I passed it on 1.5x video speed because of lots of talking. Like it anyway."
"Fantastic introductory course by Dr. Chuck.  The material is very well laid out and assignments/quizzes can be tied back to material in both Coursera Videos and the course textbook.  The intro course was challenging enough to force the students to truly follow the lecture material, but also not so difficult that assignments were impossible to complete for a first time programmer."
"This is my first course on coursera. During this pandemic, I got a mail from East Delta University that I can do some online courses offering by coursera. I didn't take a minute to enroll in some courses. Among them, I started with this course. Instructor D. Chuck is awesome in teaching. The way he teaches us is like I felt that I am doing the class in front of him in live class. "
"This is a great course. The teacher not only knows his material, but has a lot of experience working with first time programmers and so knows what errors they are likely to make and what questions they are likely to ask and addresses them all. He is fun to listen to, unlike some moocs I have taken where the teachers were reading and got the intonation all wrong--very distracting."
"An excellent introduction to Python, programming, and basic control flow logic. I'm happy to receive certification for my hard work endorsed by the University of Michigan. Dr. Charles Severence does an outstanding job presenting this course. Extremely informative and I am so excited to continue this journey that I am starting the next course immediately after writing this review."
"I have tried several other training programs in my efforts to learn Python and this has been, by far the best. Let's face it, Python is a huge subject that requires a deft touch when it comes to finding a good path to get you started. Dr. Severance demonstrates remarkable skill in doing just that, mixing instruction with practice modules to get you started as quickly as possible. "
This is very important course if you wanna to be a very good Python Programmer than i will recommand everyoneto start this course. This course is covering all the basic to advance topics of PYTHON .Also the instructor is well-prepared and amazing with deep knowledge in programming........At last i waanna say this is an amazing course to learn to understand all concepts of PYTHON.
Instructions were easy to follow and help was easy to get. The book explained the concepts well and there was enough challenge that I felt as if I was forced to learn it. Towards the end I started skipping the videos and just reading the book to see if I understood the concepts then watched the videos as I got stuck. With some background in programming this was easy to complete.
"The course is a real starter for my programming journey with Python. The contents are very inclusive. The instructor and video lectures are very interactive as well. The exercises are fun and learning at the same time. Overall, the course is a one-stop go for people starting to program with Python. It eliminates need for searching resources online and hence saves a lot of time."
"This course was outstanding!  I learned more from one month of this course than I did while taking a semester of computer science course at my university.  Also, the language being taught in this course (Python) is much more intuitive than many of the other programming languages I have tried (C++ and BASIC).  This course is a must for anyone who wants to learn computer science!"
"This a great course to get you started with Python , even if you're new to programming all-together. Dr. Charles Severance is one of the greatest , most skilled tutors I've ever seen and his effort in this course was mainly focused on conveying the most basic building blocks and concepts of programming in general and applying it using Python language. Definitely a great course. "
This is an excellent course to start with Python and Prof. Charles has build up an excellent course work.Listening to his lecture is like listening to a music and going deep into it exploring new pathways.His way of delivering the lecture is so simple yet so deep that even a person without any CS background could get on par. Thanks again and looking forward for the next course.
"I enjoy that a very known author wrote this course. More than anything, I enjoy that the textbook is free and that the course materials are here for me to consume and learn at my pace. I also like the quizzes and the interactive checker we have for checking our code. Sometime I'm working off my phone and can't access a python interactive environment until I get home from work.z"
"This was great boost for my Programming capabilities and learned a lot from Dr Chuck. He teaches very well and make concepts look more easier as they are, although i already knew about C/C++ programming i believe Coursera and Dr. Chuck made things more clearer to me. I really appreciate the time and effort he had put into this for the benefit of Thousands of student Worldwide."
"Glad that I finally completed my first online course. I have always been interested in programming, but for personal reasons, I have been delaying learning to program. During the popularity of COVID-19, I finally put learning programming on my agenda. P4E is a perfect introductory programming course for me. I like it, so I decided to continue to follow the programming courses."
"Well-paced, good course for beginners. The instructor is very good. If you have absolutely no background on programming in any language, this is a great place to start. If you're an experienced professional who knows how to code, you'll find this course very easy to complete. That, however, does not take anything away from the fact that this is a good starter course on Python."
"Excellent teaching. Each night I look forward to class after a full day of work. I highly recommend Prof Severance and would also buy the book on Amazon for $10. I originally printed out the pdf version, but found it helpful to write directly in the book. The videos and book go nicely together. The homework is challenging for a complete beginner, but satisfying when completed. "
Excellent teaching! At the very begin I kind of got lost on following the classes because  I continue listening on you tube one after one...  without realizing those were other chapters not cover. So on the second time getting back I didn't see the youtube classes but directly videos into cousera. A friend advised me not to keep following otherwise I would get lost again... :)  
"I liked the fact that the lessons are simple but to the point, and assumed no prior knowledge of anything resembling programming. Though it is of course very easy to anyone who has even limited programming knowledge, I want to say thank you for providing a friendly and non-judgemental way of teaching a programming language, an experience I did not have when I was being taught."
"Thank you for this course. the course is well organized and of very high quality! Thank you for bringing thes knowledge to us student and making it accessible. Because of the presence of professor Dr. Severance, it make the learning much easier, and because of the experience that he has, it make things so easier to learn and to understan in a global manner. Thank you so much!"
" This is a very interesting and amazing course. The teacher not only knows his material, but has a lot of experience working with first time programmers and so knows what errors they are likely to make and what questions they are likely to ask and addresses them all.I love enrolling in such a Mooc . It was very beneficial and i would definitely recommend this course to people. "
"""Python for everybody'"" is really wonderful course as now I have the python programming skills. This is one very useful course for beginners who wants to learn python and don't have idea that where to start so them this one is best. I would like to thank Dr. chuck for his guidance. Assignments and quizzes are really because it checks your overall understanding of the chapter."
"Coursera offers motivated learners immense online educational varietyIf you are a student, a teacher with an active interest in e-learning, or a professional looking to develop your education and career prospects, Coursera may well be of interest to you. This leading online training and university course elearning provider offers an almost unparalleled range of course titles."
"I really liked the course. the material is taught very simply and very clearly. After each lesson, I don’t have any additional questions. All material is presented very intelligibly and simply. I advise everyone to take the course. Personally, I bought the rest of the material and will study the entire discipline to the end. I want to thank the teacher for the excellent work."
"The assignment was very hard but worked video was helpful. I think since the assignments were challenging, it helped me put more effort and go over what I have learned. I hope that the quizzes have various sets so that I could check whether I learn everything correctly. Overall lecture was very organized and well explained! I recommend this course to all beginners for python!"
"It was very knowledgeable and informative!! Love the way you explain the logic of Python, its statements, functions, loops and all those tricky little things that make computer speak to us:))

Especially that part about how it interprets what we are saying to the Python: blah blah blah print blah blah blah do while blah blah blah... :)) No wonder my dog looks funny at me!:)) "
"Being that I was familiar with other programming languages prior to taking this course, I appreciate the quality of this introduction. I do with that this course went further into classes and larger scope programs but I'm sure that is included in the subsequent courses. So glad I had the opportunity to learn everything I did in this course. Thanks Dr. Severance and Coursera!"
"A great way to learn and from the comfort of my own home.  I am really getting a lot out of the course.  I am taking the advice of the teacher and am playing with what I have already learned.  That is making all the difference in the world to me.  It is a good idea that I am lucky enough to take advantage of, thank all of you people that have made this happen.Your the Best!!"
"  Thank You Coursera & the faculty members of University of Mechegan who for providing online courses & guidance for the  students in the 3rd world like me . I have really really really liked and loved this course, It was very thorough and detailed ...   Now I can clearly and confidently say that I can  write and understand python 3 and even 2 code. Dr. Chuck ...God bless you "
This was the most interesting course I did on Coursera. And it was all due to Professor Charles.He made sure it was interesting to learn Python with his silly humor and a deep explanation of every topic with the help of examples. Although I had prior programming experience still I am quite sure even for a beginner this would have been a suitable course to start programming.
"This is an excellent course for basic programming knowledge for many reasons:The instructor,Charles Severance, has an easy way to break down concepts and make them easily understandable. There are exercise with feedback and very well explained solutions.The studying materials are also provided as pdf.I highly recommend it for anyone that would like to start learning python!"
"My first step in becoming programmer. This curse don't teach you programming in exact meaning of this word. It teaches you syntax and general rules & how to put code together. What is more valuable is that it teaches you to think how computers think and so how to talk to them, which is in my opinion the most valuable skill you can learn in IT in general. THANK YOU Coursera!"
This course was the first course I took in programming. I am an MD with zero math skills. It was fantastic. It was great for my level and I'm now more confident that I can learn and use python. The lecture and the book which are free were very understandable. Dr Charles is a fantastic teacher. This is by far the greatest course I've took via Coursera. Thank you Dr. Charles. 
"  This is my first Python specializaiton course in Cousera. I am a non-programming learners, so actually I was a little nervous about I wandor if I could understand what the teacher might talk about. But as I joined in the course and watch the video materials, I become more and more relax and motivated to take this specialization. Dr. Charles was really nice and considerable.  "
"I enjoyed taking this course so much! Before I started taking this course, I knew nothing about programming nor Python. I still don't know a lot, but I was very surprised about how much I enjoyed taking this course, because I was in the healthcare field, and decided to shift my career path to 180 degree. I look forward to take more courses that are instructed by Dr. Chuck! "
"The course is really great.I know programming in C and so I could complete the course in short time.People who are new to programming can find this course very useful.Don't miss it.Start learning the language to communicate with python :) :).This is how the instructor says often.Really,I can't leave without appreciating the instructor.He is so cool and so good in teaching."
"I really enjoyed the course. I would like to say explicitly that you can either watch the videos or read the chapter in the text. Since they were essentially the same information, I found teaching myself with the text more efficient, and then working on the assignments to work best for me. I also retained the information a little better (due to my personal learning style).  "
"  One of the best courses I have ever completed and it's all because of the way Charles Russell Severance teaches. It is simple, subtle, comic, and interesting. I had no prior knowledge before the course and now I can understand programming. It has also increased my enthusiasm and interest in Python. Thank you, Charles. Thank you, University of Michigan. Thank you, Coursera.  "
" This course is explicit and easy to follow for those who have zero knowledge of Python or programming. The Prof. is nice and humorous. His instruction is natural as we are taking a physical class. If you are a newbie for programming and want to learn more about Python, I highly recommend this course.  Thank you, Univesity of Michigan and Prof. for implementing this course."
"Just like it says, it is programming for everybody - It lived upto it's name and ofcourse explained every bit in detail and anyone who does not know python would definitely get to know a major chunk to start of their work in python from this work. I would like to thank Dr Chuck, his team and also coursera and their members for putting this up for the benefit of the people."
"The way he teaches is really beginner friendly as well as experienced python programmer friendly.I just had to refresh my python 3, so I breezed through the course within 4 hours. I had to watch is videos but at 1.75x, it was really a refresher. If you're coming for a recap of python, you'll easily breeze through the entire course, right from Week 1 to 7  within 3-4 hours."
"After completing the specialization, I can say that this is a thorough course for Python programming that starts from the very basics to a pretty in depth understanding of the programming language. It provides with a complete set of skills that can be applied to your very needs. Highly recommended for beginners and people that want to consolidate their knowledge in Python."
One of the best Professors. he takes things slow and same time ensures you understand everything and not miss on most obvious things. His experience with students helps a lot. Professor knows what mistakes student is going to make in certain programs and clarifies that for students very well before. Overall learning online experience is also very nice. Thank you Coursera.
"Very good course, i enjoyed it very much.Any beginner student can do this course, Dr charles ,our instructor made it easy and full of excitement. Do this course without skipping a second because each second inspire you for becomming a good programmer. Thank you Coursera, Michigan university and also Dr. charles severance sir for building such good course on this platform."
"This course is obviously a 5 star class..But! I would appreciate a bit more help during some assignments. I'm sure the staff is doing the best it can, but when you pay, you expect something small back. The certificate is really not the issue here, it's the knowledge.Besides that, the course is amazing. Couldn't have asked for a better entrance to the world of programming. "
"The content of the first course is basic, I know that it ignores some complicated concepts so new beginners can get through Python quickly. I think this course is friendly for new learners and helpful for me because I can get into other courses as quickly as I can. Thanks! The concepts contained in this class is easy to understand, and I will recommend it to my classmates"
"Great introduction to Python from a knowledgeable instructor who moves through the material at the right pace to maintain ones attention and interest. I managed the 7 week course (despite a full time corporate job, which asks a lot this time of year) in around 2 weeks which has made me motivated to keep going. Looking forward to moving onto the rest of the specialization."
Excellent Course...! Course content and Course flow is right up to the mark for beginners and persons like me who are totally newbie for Python and are not having background in Computer Science. Dr. Chuck is Outstanding. The way he designed this course and explains everything is way better then any course taught online for python beginners. I am highly satisfied with it.
Dr Chuck is one of the best teachers that anybody can definitely find for learning Python and programming as a whole. He is very thorough with the subject matter and very much helps you to improve as a programmer. Quite a few more exercises can have been more better as a whole for improving as a programmer. Still an awesome introduction to the work of python programming.
"This was very helpful! The lecture was easy to follow, and all the materials including quiz and assignments were extremely helpful for me to try what I've learned from the lecture. I highly recommend this course to anyone who has interests in learning python, but hesitating because of the fear of learning unfamiliar stuff. Looking forward to taking other courses as well!"
"I can't imagine a better introduction to programming. The instructor was knowledgeable, on point, engaging, and explained the reasons/the WHY behind what we were learning. The course book is excellent, as are the course exercises. Thanks to this course, I feel confident in my ability to do basic programming tasks and encouraged to keep learning and growing these skills."
"I've been trying to get into programming for years(!),but have failed over and over because I thought it was boring and I just couldn't wrap my mind around its purpose. It wasn't until this course that I was able to get as far as I've gotten. The instructor is excellent and made seemingly difficult concepts very easy to understand. Highly recommended. Thank you, Prof S!"
I would take this opportunity to extend my gratitude for Mr. Charles to help us understand the entire course with precision. He kind of explains complex and difficult stuffs in a manner that the listener grabs it immediately. All the slides and the content were thoughtfully prepared so as to teach all the possibilities one could face while writing a code. Thanks a lot!
"Several years ago I could barely operate a computer beyond online shopping and drafting a letter using Microsoft Word. Now I am able to write simple codes; this has given me valuable insight into the various types of technology I rely on day to day. If this course can teach me how to code using Python, then it really must be for everyone. I highly recommend this class!"
"I have never learned python before this class, and when i finished this class, I think this is very useful to me that I realize the basic conception of python . Now I can write some basic programs by myselfs.I will give this course 5/5 stars because the professor's teaching is very clearly. I can totally understand what he said and how should I thinking as a programer."
"What an excellent introduction to Python! Clearly, Prof. Severance is a gifted instructor. His explanations are so precise and easy to understand; it was a joy to go through the materials. It is a very well put-together course.  I would highly recommend this course to anyone new to programming.  I am looking forward to moving onto the next course in the specialisation. "
I am really thankful to Sir Charles Severance for making this course easy to understand for the absolute beginners. This course helps understand the basics of python in an easy way and develops interest for those who have no prior background of programming. Thank  you Sir Charles Severance and the team for their effort in designing this course in the best possible way.
Great course for programming beginners. Professor Chuck does a great job starting with the basics. Programming is essential and the course does a good job at making you think without rote memorization. The assignments encourage one to think about the process and how one can apply the learned material to a given problem. 100% recommend to anyone wanting to learn python.
"This course is very clear, elaborative and explains basics very nicely. Especially the Professor is very interactive and is providing a lot of insight into each and every topic with apt examples and comparisons. I feel very blessed to be a student in this course. I hope with some more practice and logical thinking I can achieve my goal of learning and coding in python."
A great course to start learning the methods of computer programming and also a perfect platform to revise and re-memorize programming logic and skills. Thank you Dr Chuck for such wonderful presentation and making python learning such a fun. The motivational talks by some of the pioneers in modern day production indulged me to think different and move forward in life. 
"I started this course with a healthy bit of skepticism. I never thought that in the course of 7 weeks this baby boomer  would  be able to sufficiently gather a basic understanding of  programming  and actually write simple scripts. But many thanks to Dr Chuck's visuals, and  detailed explanations this course was enjoyable and  rewarding.  On to the next Python course !"
"This is the first online course that I have been able to successfully complete. It is by far, the best online educational experience I have had. The course  is well structured where the notes, the lecture  videos and assignment  are well synchronize , allowing you to follow along so well. I strongly recommend this course to anyone who wants to Get Started with Python!"
"The course was great! I really enjoyed the way Prof. Charles Severance taught. He made things interesting and explained the concepts really well. His teaching was truly amazing! His way of teaching has helped me to solve the assignments with relative ease. I never felt lost in any of the lectures. The assignments and quizzes were great, too. Thank you for this course!"
"I found this course really useful and informative. Before starting this course, I had zero experience in python programming, but at the end of it, I was confident that I had a strong foundation in python to build upon. Dr.Chucks additional videos were inspiring and interesting. I would highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn programming from scratch."
"  As an accounting student, I have little knowledge about programing before taking this course. Through the learning process, I started to have a basic understanding of the python lanuage. With the class exercies, I evaluated my learning progress and learned how to apply what I had learned. I'm preparing to learn the next course and improve my python knowledge tomorrow!  "
"This course was incredibly easy to understand for someone who has little to no coding experience.  I'm excited about what I'll be able to do after completing the entire specialization and look forward to future classes with Dr. Severance.  If you're thinking about jumping into Python for the first time and gaining more than just basic knowledge, this class is for you!"
"This course was exactly as advertised.  It truly was accessible to the non-programmer through a step by step methodology with clear presentation.  What was a wonderful surprise was the personable way Dr Chuck presented and how he shared best practices that leveraged Atom, command line executionand the program checker.  Well done! I plan on continuing with this series."
"A great introduction to Python (and really to programming in general). The course has a very suitable balance between easy-to-understand explanations and a bit more challenging problems. I love that you are not allowed to post code in the forums, as this really challenges you to solve the problems on your own (but with assistance from the teaching staff, if required)."
"I loved this course, but I was a bit unhappy when I realized that if I wanted to continue the specialization I would have to pay for it. This did leave a bit of a sour after-taste. All in all I am very satisfied with courses on coursera (have taken a few already) and I also like the style dr.Chuck uses to teach. It the future I will search for some other free courses."
"Great for a real beginner. Explanation is clear, very structured! This program is helping you to build how to communicate with Python language. Well explanation on how Python (general programming language) understand syntax (human order) If you already have good foundation of programming language, it might be easy for you. If you not, then this is great for baby step! "
"Excellent course, specially if you want to start from scratch. It gives you the feeling of being in an actual class. I've done the whole codecademy python course, which was very focused on the practical side, and it is great now to do this course to understand the theory behind it, and what was I actually doing. I'll certainly continue. Thanks for the awesome content!"
"This course overcome my expectation, I thought it was going to be more basic but actually, I learned several concepts for programming in python. I just finished the first course and I already sign up for the next one. The teacher is so expressive, kind and he tries to explain easily all of the concepts. I recommended it if you want to start in this programming world."
I would to thanks coursera and our Python instructor Dr. Chuck. It was so easy to learn with Dr. chuck. He explained it very well. I never got bored at any point during learning this course. It was so interesting and now I know I'm able to understand the programs and write some code also. I'll keep coding. Thank you Dr. Chuck for motivation and knowledge you gave us.
"I got to say it's a really funny experience. People always think programming is a boring stuff, but this course really show how funny the programming could be. I remember someone told me that the only difference between elite and loser is perseverance. I do believe this course will encourge more people join the programming team, let programming make the world better!"
"Clear, precise, and unintimidating. Dr. Chuck breaks down fundamental programming concepts very well and in layperson's terms. This course was a great refresher for me, as I put down my Javascript hat last year and needed to brush up on these core coding fundamentals. Would recommend this class to anyone who is interested in beginning their coding journey via Python. "
"Yeah!!! This is the first course that I finally complete at coursera (out of the 10 - 15 that I tried and never finished). This is a really nice course for Python introduction mainly because of Dr. Chuck. I never felt bored and what Dr. Chuck managed was to spark my curiosity to learn more! If you tried to learn programming but failed, this is the course you MUST do!"
"I love the professor, he is humorous and makes language fun. You know at beginning I don't like program at all and this is my first programming lesson. Thanks to the lesson, it makes me be interested in programming. And the lesson is not very difficult, every can learn about it, and the practice is practical. At last, thank you so much for your effort on this lesson!"
"An excillent course designed for people wit zero experience about programming. Takes a good approach on building a programming mindset and generates a programming thinking ability. Covers topics such as expressions, loops , functions, etc. in a very beginner friendly way making it best for someone taking into world of programming with python as their first language."
"For the first time, I have taken a course online. It has been a wonderful experience for me. This course is very suitable for a person who does not know anything about python. I learned all the things and the explanation provided was good. Charles Severance explains every concept in a simple way with good examples.  I would like to do more courses here.  
Thank you!"
"Was an amazing experience learning this course. I must say that everyone should learn programming. I was not sure initially when I took the course, but when I started learning the course, I got more understanding. I used to get stuck at some exercise, but  Dr. Chuck instructed very easily for every class, which made me learn more from the course. Thanks, Professor."
"Absolutely outstanding course. Really liked the lectures, the examples, and the exercises. It's been much easier to learn Python through this course than simply reading a book and doing exercises. Charles Severance's explanations really make the language much more understandable. Really liked the bonus material as well - especially the material on Guido Van Rossum. "
Thanks for the opportunity for learning from one of the best teachers of one of the best universities of the world. The materials of the course are well suited for beginner programmers and great. Also I would like to suggest to make several mini quizzes regarding the topics if the lectures instead of having big ones. I think it can be helpful for beginner students.
"This is a really interesting, student friendly and at the same time challenging course. Dr. Chuck is very intriguing and makes it fun for continuing with the course. The course appears to be a well planned one as well. I am starting to build a good sense of programming after taking up the course and I am feeling more confident about the technicality in programming."
"This course is perfect for students who are already familiar with any programming language, but if someone's totally new to programming then they might have little problem while understanding the stuff, because newbies will not understand why we are storing values or things like that.Otherwise this is best explained course with clear voice and perfect explanation."
  Great class! Dr. Charles Severance puts across the syllabus in the most easily understandable language with examples that a novice can literally picture happening. The bonus videos along with the interview videos are added information that bring to light areas that get missed out otherwise. Overall great course. Would recommend it to those looking to learn Python.  
It is a very good introductory course to Python programming focused on people with minimum or no computer programming background at all. It gives you a push start to engage into Python programming and learn to love coding in Python. The course instructor is amazing! The material and the slides/videos are well prepared and paced at an adequate level for a beginner.
Excellent class! I recommend it to anyone trying to learn programming. Dr. Chuck is a wonderful teacher. The class progresses at a nice comfortable pace. His lectures and code examples are thorough and informative. He takes the mystery out of programming and gives you the tools to make you feel like learning to code is attainable. Thank you Dr. Chuck and Coursera!
"It's truly a course for  absolute beginners who want to learn coding. You are gonna enjoy throughout the course because Mr. chuck is really a fantastic and funny professor. Besides these,  the computing videos in the end of every module adds up to the knowledge and inspires to be consistent  on what we are learning . The videos of office tours are also beautiful."
"This course is amazing! Like 'hello world' is the first code that almost every programmer writes, I recommend everyone to take this course as  a first step towards learning Python or starting to code as a whole. Thanks to Dr. Chuck aka Dr. Charles Severance, the professor and University of Michigan for making it fun and not boring or bewildering.
Love from India!"
It's a very simplified form of presentation into the basic of python which has provided me with a outline of python. Being new to this programming language i was hesitation to do an online course which i have never experienced in my until today. This online course was very helpful to me in understanding the basics and also boost spirit in learning courses online.
"I would say, if someone had any sort of coding background in any language, they will finish the course in a breeze. And for someone who is new to the computer science or programming, it will be like when i learned my first language, little confusing at first but things eventually seem very easy. The key is to not give up. Try Try till till you get the code right."
"Great Course to get started. I thought the material and lecture videos were great. I could pause and type the code to follow along. I could have used a few more assignments to really dial in the basics, but I am sure there will be plenty in the following courses. It was just enough of the basics to give me the bug continue on and explore the possibilities of pyth"
"This is my first Coursera course and it's really helpful. I had a few programming experience in C/C++ and a little experience in Fortran too, but just get started with Python. Dr. Chuck is a really great teacher. Even for so-called ""experienced programmer"" like me, this course provides a brand new perspective to learn and get more understanding about programming."
"The instructor's approach to explaining programming concepts was great for a true beginner like myself. Strategies for avoiding common errors and frustrations were helpful. I was able to complete the course rather quickly, but I easily could have spent additional time with the text and practicing. Staff responses on the message board were prompt and very helpful."
"I enjoyed this class and I was able to keep up with it even though I have a full time job and a family.  The lectures were fun and the quizzes and assignments related to the lecture material.  Great introductory class that helps you with other good computer skills like downloading apps, navigating in the terminal window, etc. in addition to learning intro Python.  "
I do not have any background in computer science and this course was easy to follow along and learn the basics. I thoroughly enjoyed Dr.Severance's way of explaining abstract concepts and how we repeatedly go over concepts. The quizzes and assignments were a great way to review ideas in the book while giving us the opportunity to use our newly acquired knowledge.
"The way the lectures were mixed with entertaining and informative videos of prominent persons involved with python, and computer science generally, kept me captivated and hungry to move forward constantly. I didn't find any of the material tiring because of the style of presentation although I felt everything was introduced thoroughly. It was fantastic. Thank you"
"The course is exceptionally well-crafted for students and professionals who have an inkling of programming, or who want to develop skills into learning Python. The lectures, quizzes and programming exercises are quite conceptual, and Professor Charles makes sure he covers all the basics of everything that is needed to be understood in a program. Truly brilliant."
This course is a great opportunity for those who are interested in start learning programing languages. Materials and lectures are very well structured. During the course you will get familiar with basic programing techniques and concepts. If you are willing to spend some effort and learn the basics of programming this course and Python language is just for you. 
"This is the best online course I have taken. I have taken some courses on programming and this one is the best. The teaching and the assignments invoke interest to go on and on. I would like to recommend this to anybody who is starting on coding. Hats off to Professor Chuck and the team for a wonderful course. Thank you, Coursera and the University of Michigan.  "
"overall it is a good course that anyone from any background can learn. It mainly focus on the basic concept of python but it also help us to grasp the root very well. It also has pretty good level problem , the problem makes you think about the question deeper. And the instructor is awesome and he is the kind of guy who can make you fell love without any direct  "
"The hardest course I've ever taken and the one which frustrated me to an extent where I thought I'd end up giving up, but I didn't! Dr. Chuck's teaching is extremely admirable (so is his personality). His teaching made me want to finish the course and learn the material properly. Thank you for the course, Dr. Chuck, you made me believe that anybody can program! "
"I am a little bit old (over sixty), my Eglish is poor and I am greenhorn in this area, but I am very enthusiastic.  The videos, lectures, assignments, tests are very good structured, you can cope with it relatively easily. I am grateful to Mr. Chuck, and I hope I will write my programmes in Phython, thanks this Courses. It is great fun, I recommend to everyone!"
"As someone who has used Python before, this course was a great refresher and although I am no self-proclaimed expert, I feel I have some experience with the language. That being said, the exercises were just enough of a challenge that I had to really think about what I was doing which was a nice test of knowledge taught within the video lessons. Very well done!"
"I recommend this course because is very well structure and explained. In addition, Dr. Charles Severance makes Python to look easy to learn. The main difference that I found with other courses I took here in Coursera is that the lectures are truly thought for beginners, with this I mean concepts are secuencial so it is easy to comprehend them and in fact learn. "
"  Wonderful course for true beginners. The course starts out at a very basic level, working its way up at a pace that one should feel perfectly comfortable with. Dr. Chuck has also shared some interesting tidbits (interviews) throughout the course, which I felt were quite informative. His enthusiasm is something that should help you keep going through the course. "
"I totally recommend this course for those who want to learn Python programming. also, for those who want to learn how to program in general. This course is really easy compared to others that I took before. The teacher is pretty awesome and makes lessons very bearable. If you want to develop your career as a data scientist, it is a good start without any doubt."
"A good introduction course to programming in general. Dr. Chuck clearly explains things that I've never been able to grasp from books. I love the Computing Conversation videos, watching the inventors of Python and Arduino inspires anyone watching to create fun things to play around with or something more useful. I often come back to these videos for inspiration "
Wonderful introductory course for Python and computer science in general.  My son is a freshman just getting started in computer science.  I've strongly recommended that he take the intro Python course and further on if he is interested.  He is attempted to get it added as an area of study in the university and by groups within the university.  Very well done!!
"I am just spellbound seeing the way Mr. Severence teaches. He is just fabulous. You won't get during the course for a single second. Just because of him I was able to complete the 7 weeks course in less than 24 hours.  I have become a huge fan of Mr. Severence. Talking about the course, this course will definitely give you a head start towards learning Python."
"A great course! With the videos and materials provided, it is not difficult for a man who know nothing about programming to get started with Python. So far, I can write a little program and this is so inspiring. In the coming days, I will take part in the following courses. Hope there would be one day that I can be an experienced girl programmer. Thanks a lot!"
"Best class ever! Dr Chuck is an excellent professional and mainly when you think about Doctors teacher for programing , not always they are very dynamic, interactive and good to give examples  in an easy way to make you understand complex topics.He is awesome, I wish more teachers were great like him on the Plantform!Well done and look forward to next module!"
"until I started this course I knew very little about python, but now I have developed Interest in this programming language and as Dr.charles said I want to become a Pythonista as soon as possible. Now that I have developed an interest in python I will start the python data structure course and further will use this for developing my Machine learning project."
"I think the course achieves what the title says. It is for everyone. Having some experience with other languages (a bit of java, a lot of R and some Matlab), this course was perfect to get to know the syntaxis an similarities with those other languages.The teacher I think is perfect. He is ver clear and every lesson is very well put together.Two thumb way up!"
"Awesome course! never thought i'd finish a programming class. Most of them are boring and lose me after a few lectures with the overloaded info and codes. But this one is so interesting. Love the way prof kept me interesting throughout. Easy-to-follow, hands-on codes, quiz, and homework really helped to learn. Highly recommended, and would love to continue :) "
"Even though I had taken other Python Basics courses, this is the most didactic one. Dr. Charles makes it so easy and simple to understand and even makes use of a little of humor. Personally, I also liked how he brings the students closer to how a computer thinks and how Python logic works through a series of analogies. I'm very glad I had chosen this course."
Excellent introduction into the world of coding for someone who does not have any prior knowledge. The course has set the base and has given me the encouragement and inspiration to explore further and to take on more challenging topics. Dr. Chuck has painstakingly broken down the concepts to a level where it can be understood very well by a novice.Thank you!
"I was a very nice course, Dr chuck Engages you in class very well. This course teaches you not only very basics of Python But you will know many other programming stuffs as well Say it as good practices of programming .
I completed this course from Coursera But I will go to the site py4e.com to get a advanced knowledge of python. Once again Thanks Dr. Chuck,"
"Knowing the programming language 'C' beforehand, I've learnt that there are a diverse ways in which one can command a computer. And one important thing I've learnt from this is that teaching could be as pleasurable as learning. Anyone with no prior knowledge in programming and willing to get started with the art can definitely opt for this course. Thank you."
  This is an amazing initiative form the University of Michigan and Prof Charles Severance in order to provide such an interactive course through the platform of Coursera. Python is an essential computer language which has its impact in various branches of information technology. To teach such an important language so interactively is truly a commendable job !  
"It is an excellent course for a person who wants to learn to use Python and wants to start from the most basic possible. The course helps you to introduce yourself in a very didactic way in the world of programming in Python and to continue with the following courses. Chuck is an excellent teacher, very dynamic, with excellent explanations and applications."
This course is really helpful to learn  python programming even the basic  concepts of programming. The course instructor Dr. Charles is really friendly and helpful person. Thanks Coursera to giving me this opportunity during this lockdown period for free from our institute. Great Experience. I will suggest all beginner to go through this interesting course 
"Brilliantly thought, really meant for starters, the only minus is the automatic rater, your program can be successful in Python , but failing in automatic rater which requires then some fiddling. I have attended several MOOC programming language course previously  but this was by far the best. Thank you Charles, looking forwards for the next course to come."
"Very good start for programming with Python. The instructor was very friendly and entertaining such that you don't get discouraged at all taking this difficult subject. The course starts with introduction of computer, the way it performs, tackle problems, then to some codings. I'd recommend this course for anybody who is interested to start learning Python."
"Extremely very good course for the one who has no background of programming language. Impress a lot from Professor Charles Severance; the way he delivered and manage the lectures. The most interest one is he never made student bore and I am really enjoyed his lecture , especially the bonus chapters. Thanks Sir for your quality time and informative lectures.  "
"Nice introduction to python. Slides are well structured. You understand basics of indentation, branching and looping better since code blocks are consistently presented in different colors and the instructor repeat several times the key points in how to read and write these blocks. And I suppose it's a great foundation for more sophisticated piece of codes."
"Completely worth the time I invested in this course. Clear and to the point instruction with practical assignments. I feel I really learned something through this. It was my first experience with Coursera, thanks to Dr. Charles and the support team of mentors and classmates. I ended up purchasing the certification and am continuing my studies with Coursera. "
"
I have done other courses in python. I did this one to refresh my understanding of python. This is a very good course for absolute beginners in programming and a good way to get started. The course provides intuitive understanding of programming for beginners, by doing assignments and tests everyone could validate their understanding of python programming.
        

"
"As simple and as easy the python learning can get. The professor does a very good job in keeping it simple and he is able to convey all the concepts very easily. The workload in this course is very light, it requires maximum 3 hours of your attention every week. If you are really interested in learning python than this is the best online course available ."
"  Very good course for Python begginers, well explains examples to understand the concepts of python,and the awesome part is the Quiz and Assignment,very very helpful for learner.Thanks to Professor Severance,He is a great teacher  and Thanks to Coursea for very nice introductory course for python,I am looking forward to next module of this course.Thank You.  "
"This is a great course for an absolute beginner in programming. I was able to learn some of the basic principles of computer science along with basics of programming in python. The assignments are not easy, but thanks to the course material I was able to solve them on my own with enough time and perseverance. A tutor is offering great support in the Forum."
"Before taking this python online class,I have taken some other python class,I have to admit that Pro,Chunk is really outstanding in explaining each chapter in class.And the lesson is well organized,assignment auto-grading system is also convenient.In all,I'd love to recommend this lesson to people who are interested in python but don't know where to start."
"I have tried studying python before as well but this course in the specialization was very well structured for anyone who is willing to learn python , helped me to get started with python and the instructor in the course is very good in terms of teaching and explaining stuffs , overall enjoyed this course and would highly recommend ! Keep Learning yall :)"
"Thank you so much Sir. I've never attended such an amazing course. Your approach is totally different. Everything is clear and friendly to even those who have never studied. In addition, the forum discussion was very helpful as it enabled me to enhance my knowledge about the course and to interact with worldwide students.  I strongly recommend this course"
"Great course for beginners. One can easily do it if he/she doesn't have a programming background. The instructor is good and explains well.The only thing in my opinion which can be improved is instead of teaching from slides, the instructor should write the programs on his PC and share the screen recording and explain form there. Overall great experience. "
A very excellent learning experience from someone that has zero knowledge in computer science but with a curious mind to learn more about it. Teaching staffs were very quick in answering my queries and gave me more insight and knowledge in the world of computer science. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to learn more about programming.
"I really enjoyed Professor Severance's personable and engaging way of explaining what could have been a dry topic. This is actually not the first time I've tried to learn Python, but it is the first time I have stuck with a class all the way through without giving up or losing interest, because of the well-structured and engaging class! Thank you to UMSI."
I am very much happy how Professor Charles has taught us Fundamentals of Python which will lay a strong foundation in Programming aspect. I will recommend this course to each person who wants to start their career as a programmer.!! Thank you Coursera and  Professor for giving us this opportunity to learn from you. With lots of love from India- Alok Kumar  
"Nice course for beginners. Really basic stuff for someone who wants to introduce hinself to programming.May be helpful if you have an experience in other languages and want to switch to Python. The first part of specialization can be finished in about 9-10 hours and things get really interesting in the second part ""Python data structures""Highly recommend!"
"It is a very good course. It gives me basic knowledge of Python Programming. All basic knowledges in Python was taught by a clear, simple way so that I was able to understand allmost of them. After this course, I can learn more higher course related to Python Programming and I can do some projects which used Python as their required Programming language."
A must for beginners in programming languages. The instructor engages as if you are sitting one to one and the overall experience is very. The instructor has left no stone unturned to make this course as interesting as possible. My only grudge is more assignments could have been included for more practise. Anyways that can be found in plenty on internet. 
"I knew absolutely nothing about programming. Followed a friend's suggestion and now I owe him a treat. I'm very very thankful that Coursera offers such higher level content. This will help many more like me every year not just students who are stuck with doing nothing during quarantine. I applaud their initiative. Long live Coursera, long live Dr. Chuck.  "
"It is one of the best online course. I really loved it a lot and it helped me learn in better way. Far more better than my regular lectures at college which sometimes get me bored, but that's not the case here, instructor is makes it much more interesting. Special thanks to COURSERA team who gave me an opportunity to learn from such an amazing instructor"
"Amazing course for beginners like me, who dreaded coding so much earlier. In the past, I took up python courses online, but somewhere lost the traction. Dr. Charles has been helpful in putting coding lessons in a simple and easy-to-correlate  manner. I am grateful to Dr. Charles, Mihaela and other team members helping achieve my first coding certificate. "
"wonderful course!! I absolutely enjoy every part of it, so much so that I am planning to continue the course with the specialization that has now become available with the same professor. His instruction and humor made learning not only memorable but fun. Thank you for opening my mind to a new and exciting world that I can't wait to explore more deeply!!"
"Better than most live classes, Getting Started with Python seemed like one of those boring, fully technical courses which would make me quit after a week. However, I was pleasantly surprised as the course material itself is easy and covers the very basics of Python3. I have some prior experience with C programming, so this course was easy enough for me. "
"I started by auditing the course (finances are tight these days ;)!). Found it very interesting, and hopefully useful for my future career development.It is thorough and easy to understand, and I am enjoying the learning process, the pickles which I find myself into, whilst trying to solve the exercises, and both successes and defeats.Highly recommended"
I need to learn python as a beginner and I was searching online websites for it. Someone referred coursera to me and I enrolled in it. I think that was my best decision for an online course. A very user friendly website with no difficulty to use and a very experienced tutor who taught us this course. I am looking forward to take more courses on coursera
"If you are a beginner with no prior programming experience you should definitely check out this course.  The instructor does a great job of explaining the information in a way that anyone, regardless of background, can understand. I believe this course will provides you with a solid foundation and more importantly the confidence to keep learning Python."
"I did have some background in C programming, but that was many years ago. So I chose this course to refresh my concepts. The professor is superb. He has a raw passion for coding in general, is patient, and really helped me understand every minute detail so far. The assignments (especially the last one) was sufficiently challenging to grasp the concepts."
"If you haven't done anything with programming this course absolutely broaden your horizon. Course material is well designed. Even though the assignments of the courses are little bit challenging, it helps to understand the structure of the Python language. In addition, Charles Severance is a great person, he well managed to keep his students' attention."
"Great course to start with if you are new to programming. Dr. Charles Severance introduces programming in a unique way which was entirely different of how i was taught during my college. His emphasis are more dependent on how the system thinks rather how we think. Although, its just minor shift teaching ideology but this has huge psychological benefits."
"Absolutely love this course. If you got no idea about programming, Python, how does computers work while coding a program and youre interested in it, this is your place to be. Proffesor Charles showed off in teaching all of this and more. Thanks to proffesor Charles, U. of Michigan and Coursera for the opportunity to study this important topic nowdays. "
"For any one familiar with R and wants to get to know about Python, this is right the course you want to go for. Dr. Chuck's lecturing style is really inspiring, humorous, and helpful. I am planning to finish everything in this 5-course specialization, and this first course definitely gives you a good start in mastering this wonderful language.  Thanks!"
Extremely beginner friendly and intuitive enough for a layman like myself to understand but challenging enough that I have to sometimes stop and pause and think a little deeper to internalise and process some of the ideas more carefully. Would 10/10 recommend to anyone who's interested in getting a taste of programming but doesn't know where to begin.
"  It's a great course, specially if you have never code before. The professor will teach you not only about the language it self, but about programming and how computers works in general. Besides that, there is some videos (not requirement) that shows interviews with some computer scientists and tell they history. It was a great course!! Recomend a lot!  "
"I took this course in order to allow me to help my 14 year old
son who is learning Python at school. I loved the short videos, the worked
examples and the ease with which I could install the Atom editor and Python3 on
my iMac. Once started I couldn't stop and I completed the course in 2 days. If
you want to learn Python, this is a great route to take."
The course is well structured to start with basic of python. Lot of motivating videos and experience of different person makes the course more attractive for student like me. But in Indian Currency course fee and certification is very high. Please adjust according to the currency of the country. We as a student unable to pay this much amount of money.
This was my first time learning computer programming. I think the course is very friendly and clear. I liked the fact I could go to my own pace. Videos and book are very useful. I had learned the basis for python and I am very encourage to learn more in depth this language. Thank you very much to all the people behind this course. I really enjoyed it.
"I thoroughly enjoyed listen to professor Severance's lectures, it made learning the first basics of python less daunting to someone with zero background in programming like me; solving the course assignments gave me a sense of achievement, even though I know real programming takes much much more than this; I feel motivated to start the second course:)"
"It was a great way to start learning programming without any prior knowledge. I would have had no idea what anything meant a few weeks ago, but thanks to the amazing instructor, it was made possible! My only complaint is that the worked out solution videos aren't the assignments you get from the class. Highly recommend, the lectures are so well done. "
Feeling good after getting introduced to python because it was taught very well. This course surely have given time to basics a lot. And I very much like the way of elaborating the program how it is working in all part and the flow chart or block style. and how to use python app save a file etc and using command prompt these parts are well explained.
"Excellent course for beginners. The overall syllabus is so organized and availability of hands on exercises , quizzes and assignments are a great help to improve the performance. The instructor (Charles Severance) is awesome. Thank you coursera for such a wonderful beginners course on Python and also thanks to Guido Van Rossum for his great creation. "
"This course is really suitable for a programming rookie. I love the teaching style of the professor,clear and easy to understand and full of natural humor, which made the learning process increasingly attractive and prompt me to learn more and further. Thanks very much for the terrific course and this would be a great start of my program learning. :D "
"Instructor gives a thorough overview of not only Python but how computers function and why programming is needed in the first place. Explains the granular details of each line of code, making this course truly suited for someone with zero background in programming. It's well designed not only to teach but also to pique curiosity and inspire learning. "
"Very well organised introduction for Python. For newbies, I feel this is the best course to understand Programming. Dr. Charles Severance really knows how to teach online and this course is more of fun. Through out the course, it was like one of my experienced friends teaching me. Quizzes and Assignments were great and helps in building the concepts."
"Programming for Everybody (Python) is a great course every learners must do it. I sincerely thank all the teaching staffs from coursera community who helped me out and gave me ideas when i got struggle in code and when i was struck in the middle of course. I thank you for your immediate support, help and guidance to complete this course successfully. "
"Great course! Charles is a great teacher, the lectures were organized really well - never too hard, always explaining the principles behind every thing we do. I think the assignments were also very good, and really had me practising the things I just learned. Would recommend to anybody who's interested in programming and is just beginning to learn :)"
The best thing about the course was the instructor. his way of teaching was sooo good. Also the assignments were intermediate level so we could figure out the answer only if we ponder over it. I will surely be doing a follow up on this course. I didnt know the first thing about coding or programming but now i have an idea. Thank you for this course.
It is basic introduction course. No depth suitable for competitive programming. If any one knows and have experience in python should go for higher level of course. However that was great experience learning on coursera. I wish to learn more. And advanced python from the same. Finally Thank You for the Knowledge it really helps in performing better.
"The instructor is fairly easy to follow along with the reading. For someone who knows and still knows very , very little if anything at all I'd say it was a somewhat of welcoming introduction. The only down side is at the later portion of the class if you have zero experience you will need to do more research than supplied in the book or the videos."
Outstanding course. Dr. Chuck is a wonderful teacher and delivers the material in an engaging and relatable way. I have taken a number of online courses on other sites and this one blew them all out of the water. I highly recommend this to those struggling to find the programming fundamentals training that are missing in so many other intro courses.
"Professor Severance is a passionate and extremely likeable instructor who knows what he's doing and also has the experience to guide novices like me. This course was highly beneficial, provided sufficient studying matter and was well spread out. I learnt a lot while also thoroughly enjoying the course. Looking forward to signing up for the next one!"
"Difficult for a beginner, I really struggled as I know nothing about programming but the Instructor really intends for you to struggle so you actually learn it... He really knows how to teach and I'm going to take more courses with Charles Severance, I bought the book as well and its helpful. You have to study and I did and passed with a good grade."
"Dr. Charles makes these modules much more interesting than I have ever seen before. I am a Masters graduate from a reputed university, which is one among top 10 in the world, but I can strongly say that Dr. Charles is something different and I would love to study forever under him. The way he connects technology to real world is something fantastic. "
"I really enjoyed this course and Dr. Chuck was pretty awesome!I recently decided that I would like to find out more about programming and Data Sciense, and I think this was a fantastic start. Thank you to Coursera, the University of Michigan and Dr. Charles Severance (you should know that the sorting hat lets us choose our house - I know you know)."
"First of all, I want to say thank to Prof. Charles! This class and the idea PY4E is so awesome. This course exactly for everyone (I'm kind of a novice in the beginning).The explanation is very detailed and understandable for newbie like me! I feel programming is more interesting now xD! Strongly recommend for marketing researcher or data analysist!"
"Course is taught in a manner that is easy to learn. In addition to teaching Python, inspirational videos are included with the creators of  Python, and raspberry pie, and students around the globe. To truly serve the mission of making the course accessible to all around the globe, the book is free to download. Highly recommend to anyone interested.  "
"The lectures are well prepared, and the assignments are adapted to the learner, regardless of whether the learner had (or did not) any previous experience in programming. I personally used the forum only for the last assignment, and received the necessary help. I deem it safe to say that I enjoyed this course. Thank you to the Team and to Coursera."
"Coming from a previous background in statistical programming (mostly self-taught) I found this course to give me a much stronger foundation in computer science behind the programming. I would and will highly recommend this course to anyone who is starting programming, trying to learn the syntax of python, or refreshing their knowledge in the field."
"Dr. Chuck is incredibly engaging and makes the material approachable for people not familiar or comfortable with programming. Even though I am not completely new to programming, watching Dr. Chuck's lectures was instructive for me in learning how to communicate these types of concepts to a wide audience with varying levels of computing proficiency."
This course was completely exceptional. The video lectures by Dr.Chuck was helpful throughout the course. The assignments added to each section of the course help us improve some creative thinking and it improves our programming skills as well. Hats off to Coursera!I will still take more courses from coursera having a fruitful experience like this.
"The course instructor Dr. Charles severance is an amazing, he explain the basics concept of python very clearly ani that was amazing for beginners thanks @drchuck.And it's only possible for Coursera thanks Coursera to provide course and amazing instructor.Join the course and learn immediately you also love programming after completing this course."
This is a great beginners course.  I was able to learn fast and progress through it quickly while internalizing and utilizing some key building block concepts.  The professor is personable and the videos are a good length.  There's a cheap textbook attached to the course that I got for .99 as an Amazon ebook. It's not essential but it was helpful.
"Great instructor for this course! Understanding how computer is ""thinking"" is very challenging but Dr. Charles manged to present it in a simplest possible way. With zero experience I easily learned  some basics of programming. I will definitely continue studying.  Thank you Dr. Charles! Your inspirational teaching make me fell in love with Python.   "
"Excellent course delivery and instructor really does know how to take absolute beginner to become confident in writing effective python programs! Highly recommend this course and teaching materials. Many thanks to Dr. Severance, the mentors and support staff, and of course to the University of Michigan for making the course available in coursera!!"
"Amazing Course!! Really I learned a new thing How to teach Programming language. Also, it includes Practical Sessions with Guided Videos. I would recommend this course to all because Programming can do by everybody it's not tough its just how to understand and goto the complexity.

At Last Thank you!! Prof.Charles Severance, University of Michigan "
It is a basic course and great for those who barely know about coding or programming like me. I got to know some fundamental skills and techniques like functions and defined words in python to calculate or analyse data. The assignments were very helpful for me to better understand what I've just learned from the lecture by doing hands-on practice.
"Good for first time learner of Python. I am a user of R but society seems to have moved on to Python, so I'm here to brush up the skills.The logic and expression are very similar to R. Yet I do find that this is a very detailed breakdown of the basic expression in programming language. The loops, if, else and conditional statement, etc.Thank you!"
"The best ever python class for a beginner! Well explained and perfectly instructed and also hands-on enabled a very good learning, Millions of thanks for this course...much more to appreciate, thanks for making us to understand apart from the teaching...it was soo so interesting connecting with harry potter, python, :) :) ....thank you so much :) "
"Professor Chuck has beautifully constructed the course and he was jovial and had good sense of humour while teaching, which didn't make the course boring. It is really an excellent course for programmers as well as for non-programmers as professor had spoon fed the fundamentals.Looking forward to learn more from Prof.Chuck. Thank you so much Sir. "
This course is really good to get started with the Python language. At the begining you can be surprised by the code lines that you dont understand but in this course by the Dr Chuck hand you will be carried to the basics python sintax and usage. I would take it again. it is an excellent course that breaks the ussually way to take a study course.
"I am completely overwhelmed by this course and i am glad i opted out for Michigan University. Dr. Chuck is completely an enthralling personality , i had real fun while learning through the basics of python. He is extremely proficient and i would suggest anyone who's reading this to please go and hit the register button for this course under him."
"Excellent! I am a finance student and this is the first language I am learning. Everything was explained so very simply and comprehensively. I found this personally to be one of the best ways to get started with not just coding python but coding in general as it gives you a very clear idea of what coding is, also while keeping everything simple!"
"The course covers the fundamental materials of Python and the way that instructor presents makes me interested in coding. The quiz questions are easy but some of coding questions really struggling. I spent many time to figure that out. Generally, it is really worth to learn that. And I 'm  really glad that I finally complete all the study goals."
"A worthwhile introduction. The bonus videos were not helpful. The final assignment video of using Atom did not match well with the rest of the introduction and playground setting of the course. I am not sure how to fix it, but I think it would be beneficial if introductory students submitted python files created by Atom or a similar file editor. "
"Great , even for a non native english person , is easy to understand the Dr. Charles Severance. Had some struggles during the homeworks, cause i didnt understand exactly how they want me to do it , did it first in some way , got same answer but not same process , so that was the hard part for non native english person, besides that it was great."
"Professor Severence is an excellent teacher. He made it so easy and interactive that it didn't feel any difference compared to face to face interaction with teachers as in real life. His easy going explanation and test pattern made it easier. It's more like teaching students rather than judging students, which is very encouraging for beginners."
"Great course for beginners in programming or Python. If you already know any other programming language you will finish this course in a day or two. I would advise you to learn a more syntax heavy language like Java or C++ first. Great professor, too easy quizzes, good assignments. Nothing challenging if you've done any other language, but fun."
"This course is really something, its my first time that i'm enjoying a coding course and teacher was out of this world. I almost never knew that it was a course for studying a programming language it was more like learning a fun language with a funny teacher. You are the best sir and thank you for this course, heads off to all the team members."
"Amazing instruction, the content is broken down into simple yet manageable chunks that doesn't make Python seem as intimidating or as complex as I initially thought it would be.  It has truly been an eye opening experience and I'm looking forward to learning more in future.I very highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn Python!"
"It's been a really enjoyable adventure with Professor Chuck. He makes programming with Python interesting and easy to begin. I had zero programming knowledge, but now I can understand the basic programming structure with is really amazing and incredible. I highly recommend this course to any beginners, you will love coding! Thank you Dr. Chuck!"
It's really wonderful journey with coursera and of course Dr. chuck through out the course. Dr. Chuck take the course in such a easy way that enables us to get every lecture easily. He makes lot of fun in the class which does not let me to get bored and help me to enjoy the class. Hopefully i will carry my journey with Coursera for a long time.
"The professor/instructor is what makes this course incredible - his passion and love for the subject are so infectious and inspirational - he is also incredibly intelligent and capable of conveying such complex ideas and concepts in ways that are quick to comprehend.  Very enjoyable, informative, and course I would recommend without hesitation. "
"This was my first time learning Python and I really enjoyed the course. Dr. Chuck made the introduction of this language extremely approachable and I was able to find help on topics and answers on questions by visiting forums. I also loved the website: py4e.com. Overall, I loved this class and look forward to learning a lot from the next class."
"Dr. Chuck is an amazing teacher. He is really knowledgeable and enthusiastic about sharing his knowledge. He explains the concept in detail and engages you in this online course very well. The course was excellent, and I highly recommend this course.I also want to thank Coursera for its support of universal access to the world's best education."
"Thank you for making this course free!The accompanying book is really great, and the examples are very well designed.I would like to take this opportunity to point out a small typo on page 114 (Chapter 9. Dictionaries): in a code statement print a.translate(string.maketrans(' ',' '), string.punctuation there is a missing ) character at the end."
This was a very informative and interesting course presented wonderfully by Dr. Charles. One could never get bored as the courses are pack of short videos filled with lots of information and a bit of humour too.i genuinely want to thank the presentor for creating an interest in me for this subject. Overall it was a wonderful experience for me!
"The overall course structure was great in terms of the content, tutorials, assignments, quizzes, etc. Thanks Dr. Chuck for such a student-friendly approach to teaching, it was fun learning this course. I would highly recommend this course to anybody who is wishing to learn python regardless whether he/she has a prior experience of programming.  "
Very useful course for a non programmer like myself. The lectures and exercises are engaging therefore very motivating to continue to the end. The final assignment I found a bit of challenge compared to all previous assignments however with a bit of persistence by reviewing previous weeks lectures and assignments I finally managed to crack it.   
"An excellent starting point for anyone looking to learn Python, whether you're already a programmer or completely new to programming. Clear and concise examples used to explain the concepts, useful exercises to implement and practice your knowledge - it's one thing to watch someone do it and it's another completely to try to do it on your own!"
"I have some experience in programming, including Python. Nevertheless, this course was great, I strongly recommend it for everyone, who has no experience at all or is eager  to start use this language. Everything is simple and clear, there is no way of misunderstanding material. Also, it is really funny. Charles Severance, thank You very much! "
"This is a well structured, well taught course for beginner programmers, or those seeking to learn another computer language.  I feel confident in my ability to write basic Python programs, and am excited to continue with this course series.  I would recommend this course to anyone who has a desire to pursue an interest in computer programming!"
"I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who is new to Python. The professor is very good at intuitively explaining how Python works. You just ease into Python for the first 3 weeks. If you are skilled with another programming language, you can complete this course in 2-3 weeks. Also, the first 3 weeks might seem a bit easy for you."
Excellent course for beginners and it helps me to understand the fundamental blocks for python programming very easily. The instructor is very encouraging and he is enriched with  knowledge about the subject. Thank you coursera for this wonderful start-up for python. I highly recommend this course for beginners of python programming languages  
"I enjoyed the easy and casual way with which Professor Charles Severance explains the different aspects of Python. I also enjoyed the fun videos at the end of each lesson where he interviewed interesting people related to our topic, and showed ""office hours"" from different parts of the world. Made the online class feel very real and personal. "
Je suis fier d'avoir mis la main à la pâte pour aborder et finir ce cours avec mon anglais moyen. La nécessité d'avoir une traduction en français pour la compréhension de certains concepts.  Le cours état intéressant dans l'approche global pour un débutant comme moiMerci au professeur pour son enthousiasme et sa pédagogie. Thank you so much !
"if you are thinking and wondering whether learning a programming language like Python is for you, think no more. This first course took me step by step in learning the very basic of Python and I got more confident in learning this and I am taking the second course. The lecture is super friendly and fun and he is very down-to-earth. Kudos C.S!"
"Very useful introduction to python. Charles has a very didactic and dedicated approach to his explanations, and although sometimes it gets a bit repetitve, it actually really helps to let it sink in slowly, as you will really remember the explanation that works best for you. The exercises and tests are concrete and really test your knowledge."
"Everything about this course is exceptional. As a beginner, programming to me felt daunting and too complex. Yet this course has shown me just how easy it is for one to learn to code using python. Everything from the assignments to the lectures are done perfectly and you never feel lost. Why are you still reading this? START THE COURSE!!!!!!!"
First time taking a programming course. I was able to understand the basic concepts of python codding and I am looking forward to the next course Python Data Structures. I hope to get a better understanding on how to apply python to real world situations when I conclude all the courses available.I am very excited. Thanks Prof Chuck and CTA's.
"This is the best course I have enrolled so far. The way he teaches is different, he encourages you to participate, put efforts, and see things differently. Furthermore, this course is more practical. In addition to this, the extra work is quite interesting i mean the office and the talks with the producers of different software and hardware.  "
"This course was absolutely incredible! I loved the enthusiastic teacher, Charles Russell Severance and his funny way of teaching. I loved the material that he taught and how he taught it, and I think the entire 5 courses would be worth it for anyone who wishes to know a beginning programming language that could be used as a professional one! "
Beginner-friendly and suitable for all who are interested in and willing to learn about programming without any prior experience. Concepts are demonstrated clearly with vivid explanations. Strongly impressed by the enthusiasm and love for his career of Prof. Charles Severance. Glad that we can go along the very first tour to Python with him.
Never thought learning python would seem so fun and easy. It is all because of how professionally this course was designed and of course the way Dr.Chuck explained every little thing in detail so that we don't miss out on any important concept. I will definitely recommend this course to my friends and colleagues interested in learning python
"The instructor is amasing.. even though I have previous knowledge of programming, his way of explaining things and trying to explain the way that the program works is amasing. he is relating the way Python works with our way of thinking and that way helping us understand better how to think as a programmer.. definitely HIGHLY recommend... :) "
"I have a little experience from a couple of college classes programming in java and MATLAB. This course was a good, straightforward introduction to python. For those familiar with the general structures of programming (conditional statements, loops, etc.) , this course will be easy and go quickly - you may be able to finish in a week or two. "
"I thoroughly enjoyed Professor Charles Severance and his Python course.  With no prior coding experience, I was able to complete this course and earn the certificate. I hope to continue learning Python by taking the second part of this series in the future.  I especially enjoyed the combination of videos and textbook materials for learning. "
"A Great beginner course! Thank Coursera and Dr. Chuck for offering such a convenient learning platform and great lectures! Each quiz and assignment is so essential to build up the knowledge.  Wish Dr. Chuck could offer a couple of optional assignment by each study week as some bonus so we could practice a little more! Once again, thank you!"
"I was looking for an online course where you could get to know things like you would do in a classroom session, to my surprise coursera provided the same experience as I was looking for. It was in depth and Mr. Charles is a gem! He really wants everyone to learn. I hope more people take this course and kick start with heir career in Python."
"I used to program back in high school in C++, but as the time passed, I forgot  a lot of things and this course helped me recall basic logic and functions of programming. I'm a marine biologist now, and I am interested in using various programs for modelling and data analysis, and I feel I am on the right track learning the Python language."
"This course is the first course I finish in Coursera, its so amaizing that I have great fun in this course and finish it  in threedays.While, I may suggest my friends who will take this course in the future to learn this course with a more detailed textbook along with the Python for  Informatics. Thanks, Dr.Severance and the teaching stuff."
such a great class. The class aim to give beginners a really nice and easy start so the students who are new to programming will not be intimated or frustrated. The professor is very funny and knowledgeable and make the whole class great fun. I really enjoyed the class and ready to finish the class and move on to the 2nd Python serie class. 
"Stellar course. Charles Severance is easily one of the best teachers I've seen in my life, online or face to face, period. His ability to engage the student, trivialize complex mechanisms and maintain interest all through the video medium is remarkable. I am very impressed by the overall value of this course and it gets my highest praises. "
Only one minus factor that the questions are too easy. Yeah its a beginner a course so I can't really complain about it. Otherwise everything in this course is actually covered with  perfection and as if you are actually new to programming not like other courses who say its for beginners and uses sophisticated without telling it's meaning. 
  This course is extremely helpful. It not only teaches you basic but also gives wide depth to your concept. You can take this course if you don't have any past programming experience.The instructor is very good and is very engaging. The material provide is very interactive and easily understandable.Overall I personally find it very helpful.  
"Excellent course for an Introduction to Python for Everybody! The instructor knows what he's talking about, and he explains new, difficult concepts very smoothly. Well designed assignments and apt apt pace of the course just tops it off! Definitely persuing further courses of this specialization. Thanks Coursera and University of Michigan!"
"Scared to Program?   Do you find yourself staring at the screen wondering what to type next when coding?  Do you get confused as to errors you create and can't figure out how to find them?   Professor Chuck is the cat's pajamas.  I am so stoked to learn more my armpits are sweating.This first class is  ""empowerment"" for the non programmer.   "
This course is a great place to start learning python and basic computer science. I would recommend using this course as the backbone for your learning and then utilizing other resources to see the problems from a different perspective. Overall this course cemented the knowledge in my head much better than other online courses I had taken.
i loved this course! the professor is really enjoyable to listen to and his slides are super legible and easy to follow. The videos are short enough to gain the learning needed but not so long as to lose you along the way. My only comment is that  I wish there were more practice problems or exercises so I could really hone up on my skills!
Awesome course. I know a number of programming and scripting languages but never had been to a class. This is a brilliant course designed and executed with an entirely different note which I could never expect. Along with python this course teaches a lot. This python series a must for anyone who wants to learn programming.Thanks Dr. Chuck.
"
The class with professor Charles Severance are so interesting and fun, 
you will learn basic python in and easy way, the videos are short and 
very helpful, the assignations are a way to apply what you are learning 
in each week, this course is very recommendable for all the persons that
 wants to learn python from zero previous knowledge.
        

"
"  This was a great course for me.It was fairly easy to understand the course andthe prof. knows the right way to teach.His classes were FUN to listen and I really enjoyed it.Also I had previous knowledge on programming ,as I have learnt C++ in my school.So it was very easy for me.I would recommend anyone to try this.So I would rate it 5/5:D  "
"I am really happy to be guided under a supervisor, who is so experienced and kind person, Prof Charles. I am much more enthusiastic about learning the language than ever before. Attending the lecture of Charles is never boring and always feels like learning Python is as easy as learning to write a story. Thank you Coursera for the course."
It was a really good and well organized course to get started with programming. I really appreciate the efforts of the teaching team that they are really trying their best to educate the world. The course content and the way Mr. Charles Russell Severance convey the lectures really makes it easy to understand and comprehend the techniques.
"Easy with well measured material and challenge.  The ability to watch and pause lectures as much as needed is awesome. The material is well thought out and also timely and important.  This was a great experience - low pressure, easy to learn and you feel like you accomplished something and have a sense of the larger challenge that awaits."
"Hey everybody,this is really awesome course for everybody even for those who are new to programming.Thank you Dr. Chuck,University of Michighan and Coursera for providing us this course.This is one of the best online course covered by me.And its second part Data structure using python is even better.Definitely, deserves  5 star.THANK YOU  "
"It is genuinely a great experience. All the video lectures are well prepared. The instructor helped and guided at every step from scratch.The tutorials are beneficial and easy to understand. We got many tools like ""take note,"" complete script of all the lectures, discussion forum, and many more. These tools proved to be extremely useful."
"Great intro to Python course! I had zero coding experience prior and I was able to complete it in less than a week. Instructor does a great job breaking down concepts into simple terms so even beginners can follow. He also makes it fun to learn! I'd recommend this to anyone who's interested in learning Python, especially beginner coders."
"Great course. Great insights not only into Python but to Computer Science in general. I recommend to literally everybody, not just people that need it for work. Nowadays coding can be regarded as a necessary foreign language. Thus if you want to be successful, you should have at least basic understanding of how machines work and operate. "
"Hi everyone, I should say that this course (Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python))by Charles Russell Severance is more that good, actually, it is perfect.If you have no programming experience and have interest in Python, please go ahead and take this course.You will like it, I believe.Besides, thank you, Dr. Charles!!!  "
"I found the course very useful, but faced problem with the external tool graded assignments while output execution. Talking about the instructor, he teaches so good and provided in-depth knowledge of each and every aspect and logic. Thank you University of Michigan and Coursera for providing such useful and knowledgeable courses for us. "
"Dr. Charles Severance is an excellent teacher and I got to know about how to start my journey of Python, which was made easy by this useful course Python for Everybody, which literally is ""Python for Everybody"". In today's world I would recommend everyone to take up this course and surge ahead. Thank you very much Dr. Charles Severance."
It was a very basic course. Suitable for someone who hasn't been familiar with any programming language. But for someone with a prior knowledge to basics to programming it just acts like a revision. It would have been better if there were more content. Altogether i enjoyed this course and the professor is very good at explaining things.
"  the course is really amazing, the instructor way of explaining is great he truly knows what he is doing and he was really greati took this course with zero knowledge in programming not even knowing what is a variable or a loop or anything and i can say i really learned alot from this course thanks to coursera and this amazing instructor  "
Thank you Dr. Chuck for being as awesome as you are. I thoroughly enjoyed this course and admire your passion for teaching the next wave of talented individuals. These are the people who will be able to help change the world with their newly acquired skills in programming. I hope everyone else has the same experience that I did. Cheers!
"This course is so great. The course structure and course materials are very organized. Although I have never used, I could understand the basic concept and resolved all of assignments. And Teaching Assistant staff is so helpful; the quick response was so helped. I would like to take other Python learning course in the future. Thank you. "
"The instructor gives very clear explanations, making it actually fun to code. Although most of the assignments were fairly straightforward, they gave good practice, and there's an entire online book for extra practice and help. A much more pleasant way of learning how to program than the version my college has. Thank you, Dr. Severence!"
"Have given 5 stars for the explanation of basic concepts of not only Python but also of programming. Though people who are well versed with programming will find it too easy (Me too) and finish it within a few hours, but the way of teaching was effective and will help a lot to those people who are new to programming itself. Keep it up ! "
"Even a person, who knows nothing about computers or programming, can easily understand and learn programming and that too in Python, today's very popular and useful computer language.  And, that too, at our own pace.  Further, the teaching by Dr Charles Reverence, Ph D, is so lucid that learning becomes very easy and fast and accurate.  "
I have tried many online courses but always felt bored and gave up. But in this course the professor teaches in such an interactive way that it kept me interested and i finished the course and was able to learn a lot. Anyone who is interested or wants to start learning python or programming can take this course and will not regret it .
"This is an awesome course with great details to basics. The details are explained in very simple way and it is very easy to understand and follow. Even though I am on Coursera from 2013, this is the first course that I completed 100%. So kudos to prof. Severance and the team for awesome content and helping me in completing this course. "
I had a great time learning the basics of python programming. Sir Charles Severance teaching style is excellent and he explains the concepts very clearly. I enjoyed every lecture presented by him. I will definitely recommend people to learn python from this course. I will continue to learn the advance python from Sir Charles Severance.
"Great course for beginners! Learn about basic programming principles, how computers actually run programs and how to think like a programmer. The instructor is very engaging and makes the class fun. Sometimes they throw in extra videos featuring relevant interviews by people in the tech field, which is a nice touch. Highly recommended!"
"For a one-directional learning, Charles did a great job keeping my engage. The discussion/forum is very active which is perfect for my learning when I have problems. I have tried learning python from different channels and this is by far the best. Thank you so much. I really feel that I learned a lot and motivate to continue learning! "
"I was familiar with python before this course and wanted to touch up on it. I found myself leaning new information that I didn't know before, and finding new ways to think about programming. Professor Severance is entertaining and motivates me to learn more. Great course, I would recommend it to anyone wanting to learn how to program."
" All those who had given 1 or 2 stars to this course,are the ones who always criticize everyone.This course is seriously quite amazing and everyone thinking of starting with python should go for it.DO NOT FALL FOR THOSE NEGATIVE COMMENTS AND REVIEWS. The instructor is very good and explains everything so beautifully. Hope this helps :)"
  The course is very well structured to suit the needs of a new programmer (me) who is trying to learn python from the very scratch. Prof Charles keeps the video lectures engaging and the assignments help get a grip on how to actually put them those learnings in a code. Would recommend to anyone who wants to learn python from the basics  
"This course is excelent, i learned a lot and will continue to navigate through the whole program.Thanks to everybody who made it, and made it free access as well. Your work is much appreciated!I'll try to help with the translation to spanish so other people in South America can do it as well. Thank you again from Argentina! Much love!"
"The Teaching technique adopted by the Trainer was extremely helpful in adapting and absorbing the new programming language. The day to day and simple examples adapted in the said program to explain the new language really proved the name of the course-""PROGRAMMING FOR EVERYBODY "". It was an amazing introduction to the WORLD OF PYTHON."
"This course is every useful and easy to understand for beginners. I really have no idea what python and any other programming languages are before I started this course. Also English is not my first language. However I could understand this course very well, the practices in this course are very effective! Thanks a lot for helping me!"
"The best course for everyone even those who lack background in programming like myself. I recommend everyone to take this course. In today's world it feels like you are walking naked without knowing how to code even basic programming. That was internal thrust for me to do this course.

Go for it, it worth your time and money. Thanks !
"
"This was an excellent course. Dr. Chuck is engaging, clear, and moves at a perfect pace. The course has helpful assignments, quizzes that actually assess comprehension, and plenty of opportunities for practice. As a 24-year-old who has never done any coding before, I cannot recommend this class highly enough. Truly a great experience."
This course has helped me a lot in having the correct understanding of programming language. The mode of teaching is not only erudite but also simplified for a non computer science student which doesn't have any background in programming. At the end of this course one can have the necessary skills and logic to think like a programmer.
"I would like to register here that Dr.chuck is the man, i would ever refer to any one who needs to learn Python programming. He is efficient, knowledgeable and friendly, and regarding the course material, i do not know, if it can be any better.I am glad to continue with python for everybody specialization.Happy learning!God bless you!"
"I am really glad to take up this course, which helped me to understand the Python language. I am not a programmer before but found it not so hard to understand the concepts, so I would highly recommend starters to go through this course as the instructor teaches every topic interestingly in a fun way to learn and grasp things quickly."
"The pace of this course & the course content, along with the Creative Commons material is fabulous for anyone who has no prior experience in programming. Prof. Severance is great at what he does, and the assignments are also brilliant. I wished there were more peer review assignments or more assignments so that we could practice more. "
"I am very thankful to course tutor Dr. Chuck and University of Michigan for providing such a useful course. I have tried programming for first time and I can say that I too can creatively and confidently write useful codes, this is just because of teachings of Dr. Chuck. I will definitely enroll for further courses too, Thanks again!  "
"I have heard from people that python is not easy. But this course has completely changed my perspective, because the instructor has made the programming language so easy, that it can be understood even by a person who never had learned any programming before. I look forward to complete all the 5 courses in this module. Thanks a lot ."
It is a course for everybody if don't have any prior knowledge about programming even then Mr. Severance will make it very simple for you to understand the logic behind the code and also will help to understand the flow chart of code i.e how the code will starts and how it will work. One of the finest courses I have ever enrolled in.
"A great base for first-time programmers. Users with experience in other languages might find this somewhat tedious and repetitive at certain points. Although, you can skip the repeated parts. As for Charles, the professor, I find him to be a great teacher. He's good at Python, he's good at teaching Python, and he clearly enjoys both. "
"It's a great course. I'm actually going to recommend it to at least five separate people. He was intelligent, highly structured/organized, and went over things multiple times to ensure implant/imprint. The quizzes and assignments would have been difficult, but not unbearable without prior coding experience. Overall, very good course."
dr.chuck you are awesome!!really i started learning python from many books but after sometime i find it boring and leave it there but in your class i never feeled that you are boring me..really your class is awesome i will suggest everyone to take class of dr chuck..and one more your way of explaining the things is perfect..thank you 
"Excellent instructor, through out the course I did not get bored while learning Python and always had my thinking caps on. This course helped me gain my confidence back  programming, so much so I have started to teach Python to 5 of my colleagues. I will be looking forward to complete all the other courses of this series as well. :) "
"This was a great introduction to Python and the overall workflow of logically figuring out problems, identifying what pieces of code are needed to do X task, and so on. The videos were super helpful and easy to understand (even for someone who hasn't been in school for like 10 years), and I feel confident going into the next module. "
"Lightweight, but if you're an absolute beginner, this is the course for you. Great teacher, the resources are a necessity if you want to get the most out of the class (100%), and the lessons are of limited topic, all making this the best (imo) introduction to programming for anyone. Do this first, before other free coding resources."
My first ever online course and i loved it so much! Dr. Chuck is a genius in the way he takes students into the Python programming with so ease and perfection like Python is nothing new  and is always comfortable to go through his lectures and bonus material available at each chapter. I highly recommend it to any beginner in Python!
"This is an ideal course for Python learners. It's easier and faster to learn if you already have experience in programming, but it's also fluid to first time programmers with many examples and experienced tips. The tutor is well experienced and his teaching is very student-friendly. It's so nice and easy to connect and learn easily."
"This course is absolutely good for anyone without Programming Skills, or have no prior knowledge to what is a programming basics. Dr. Chuck will be able to guide you from not knowing programming to a very solid foundation in your FIRST programming language studies.However, this course is not suited for Intermediate - Advanced level. "
"I have tried other open course sites for learning Python and found this one the best. Charles Severance teaches in a simple, straight forward, easy to understand way that is entertaining as well. I feel I have learned more from him in a shorter period of time than other avenues I've tried. This course is a great way to learn Python!"
"The way Dr.
Chuck Severance explains the content is very impressive, thank you! The enthusiasm of Prof. Severance was very
stimulating for me as a beginner without programming experience. The course is
structured logically with helpful quizzes. I experienced the videos in
combination with the study book as the best learning method."
"  Nice course for beginners and people who want to try python out in general, it teaches you essential information from scratch, some courses start from reserved keywords and all those boring things directly but this one, teaches you what it means to program, and I like that and would recommend it to anyone interested in programming.  "
"Sir, Charles  Severance, I'm really grateful to you. This was my first online course & because of you, it made me so easy & understandable. Anyone who wants to learn programming skill without having any prior knowledge in coding go ahead and grab this course because here u get the awesome educator who made this course easy & funny."
"I walked into this course very anxious about learning to program. I did not expect to love this course or to really understand python. I feel confident with what I learned. Dr. Charles Severance is a phenomenal professor; very knowledgable without being intimidating, engaging, lighthearted, and teaches you to think like a computer. "
"Je viens par cette note pour vous remercier énormément pour votre bienveillance envers les étudiants désirant apprendre des cours en ligne . Coursera est une meilleure plateforme, j'aime la manière dont les cours sont dispensés, les explications dans les vidéos sont formidables et bien détaillées. Une fois de plus ,merci à Coursera"
"It was an awesome course  taught by a great teacher. I was tremendously scared of coding till now but now I have hopes incited in me to be great at programming , thanks to the professor. Also I have figured out a bug in the assignment mode of PY4E. I hope I have added some value to the course and hope that its worth an appraisal :) "
"One of the best courses I've taken on Coursera. The content is very crisp and not too overly simplistic and very, very engaging. The faculty, Charles Severance is superb. His explanations and videos are a good balance of fun and learning.This course rekindled my love for coding and the Bonus videos are kinda..they are simply great."
I completed the course. The course structure is well built. The instructor is really good. I learnt a lot and it helps me to eliminate some of my confusions. The video quality and assignments are too good. I really enjoyed to hear from Mr. Guido van Rossum. It is a priceless moment for me. Thank you University of Michigan for all. 
"It really help me a lot to brush up all the small and magnificient concepts of Python.Well represented ,illustrated and demostrated course. Will recommend every begineer to must go for this course.Thanks a lot to Coursera community.Coursera is really one of the best e-learning platform for accquiring profiecieny in various fields."
"I am a researcher and C++ programmer and I wanted to learn python from scratch, I found this course as the best available resource for the accomplishment of my goal. What a great teacher What a valuable course, I just wanna say thanks for putting out such great materials. It 's just the very beginning for sure but I'm enjoying it. "
"I tried a Java class before and had a hard time staying motivated. Hard to say exactly what factors contributed to that , but didn't get that with this class. I liked the start from zero approach while still moving along at a decent pace. Dr. Chuck explains everything quite well so I never ended up feeling like I missed something."
"Till you start the course you may be in a dilemma whether programming is your cup of tea or not, but after starting this course you'll gain confidence. This course is crafted in such a way that you will not be bored for a second! Really enjoyed this course. Thanks Dr. Chuck and team along with Coursera for this amazing experience. "
"It is a very simple and easy course for beginners. 
The material is very simple and helpful. Dr. Charles makes it very interesting and I loved the way he teaches and the passion he has towards teaching people how to program. 
I would recommend this course for anyone who wants to start learning python or even programming in general "
Incredible course. I started with absolutely zero knowledge of Python (of course I heard of it before but I had never actually studied it or worked with it). It took me 4 weeks to complete and at this point I feel like I am developing a strong foundation with which to continue my studies.I highly recommend this course to everyone!
"Please view the HTML doc in 'resources' after every week, it helps out. His teaching speed is very concise, comfortable, and not too fast. He didn't mention all the types of functions and such, but I suspect, he has good reason too. It is a great intro. I enjoyed it. Also, downloading sololearn is a good compliment to this course."
"This professor is just amazing. I just wish those tests and exercises were more difficult, but I totally understand why they are simple in the beginning. Hopefully things will get more interesting later on, since I have already learned C and C++, the beggining seems a little too slow for me. Other than that, 10/10 course for sure."
Dr. Severance is a great professor. The method he uses to introduce Python is great for someone who has no prior coding experience. He keeps in interesting and provides a strong foundation to learn more of Python and other computer languages. I would highly recommend this class as a starting point if you want to learn programming. 
"Course was well delivered and well explained.  It was easy to refer to lectures for assignments that were due. I liked that it catered to people that have never programmed before, and those that have been exposed to some programming alike.  I was surprised by how much I learned and how fast the 7 weeks went by - highly recommend."
"I have previously a bit accustmed with the programming with C++, but learning the basics of Python from Prof. Charles Russell Severance it was a great experience. This guy just makes the programming with python so easy that the learing becomes playful. Thank you Coursera, University of Michigan and Prof. Severance for the course.  "
First time i had any course online and this was a wonderful experience. I learn all the stuff and the explanation provided was very good and I did it so quickly because of Dr. Charles severance. I loved the way he taught the course. I would like to do more courses from here. And again lots of thanks and respect to the tutor(sir). 
"This is an excellent
course for someone getting started with programming. The videos are clear and
the subject is well described, and the textbook for the course is free. The ratio
of videos to exercises is good. If you know another programming language, the course
is a bit slow, but… the title did say “Programming for Everyone”. "
Really great class. Dr. Chuck is a great teacher and covered all the areas where studets might have doubts. He was really thinking from the students' side and thought what all doubts could arise and cleared it very well. It was a really great experience. The only thing that felt bad is that the course is too short.That's it!!! :) 
"Excellent course, Great Tutor.This course is extremely good and well packed for beginners.Compact, yet complete course for python. The way this course is made, students with zero programming language can also catch up with the language. I am really thankful to Coursera and Charles Severance sir for creating this wonderful course."
"One of the great course i've ever had Dr Chuck's methodlogy is one of the amazing I've encountred in my life. The way he explains things its quite phenomenal I personally think with this kind of teaching skills one can make anyone learn programming. Thank you Dr. Chuck and Michigan University for this course, it really helped me. "
First of all I thanks to coursera for providing us a such platform where we could learn new things and extend our skills in various fields. second I also thanks to The University of Michigan for free courses with certificates! I am also very happy to have a good friendly mentor  who teaches well. I am just  grateful to Coursera! 
This complete coarse is a  basic course for knowing the basic stuff related to python . There are lot of basic topics covered in an excellent way. Our instructor Charles will teach with the real world examples which will encourage us a lot.So if you are a beginner then this course will take you to a very beginner level to a pro. 
THIS WAS MY FIRST COURSE WITH COURSERA  AND LET ME TELL YOU THIS HAS BEEN AN AMAZING EXPERIENCE GETTING TAUGHT BY SUCH A GREAT PROFESSOR DR. CHUCK .HIS TEACHING METHOD IS REALLY FRIENDLY AND IT CAN BE EASILY UNDERSTOOD WHAT EVER HE TEACHES.THIS COURSE AND ESPECIALLY DR. CHUCK INSPIRED ME TO CONTINUE FURTHERMORE WITH THE COURSES.
Dr. Chuck Severance did a great job introducing Python to people without any previous programming experience. The Coursera format works well with its 10 minutes video classes and auto-graded programming assignments. I now feel comfortable with Python and look forward taking the next class (Python Data Structures) in this series.
"I was able to grasp concepts in an easy but very powerful way. I feel I'm able to control things now, to know exactly what line of coed does. Surely this is thanks of Python's simplicity but most of all it is thanks to Mr. Severance whose instructions and examples are enlightening! Looking forward to go on, to take the next step "
"Amazing course, I really love your lectures, very entertaining and everything was explained in a way it was easy to understand but the explanation was not shallow. Extra material at the end of each lesson was also great, it taught me the history of python and how python evolving at the moment. Thank you for this wonderful course"
"Before this course I have covered many other python courses, but this course provides IN-DEPTH explanations for python basics, which made me better understand how python actually works. What is also good about this course is that there is no ready answers for assignments!!!, which is really good if you want to master it yourself"
"a great course to start with, it is very simple and helpful i really enjoyed it alot, Dr. Charles makes everything easy and fun, you will get to apply after each chapter that way you will improve alot and there is also Bonus videos which i found so amazing because you get to know about new stuff but still related to programming."
"I'm very glad I enrolled dr.Chuck courses - they're not too simple, not too hard for the first time.You're need something interesting for the begining. Something that will remind you that learning is interesting.Dr.Chuck courses damn fit for this purpose.Thank you, dr.Chuck, Teaching staff of University of Michigan and Coursera."
The most amazing thing about this course is that it comes with a book. You can either download it free from the website of Mr. Charles or buy it from Amazon. Every single chapter from the book is covered in this course and it's very great to read a book with the help of Mr. Charles. I really love this course Highly recommended.
This course is very good for anyone who is interested in learning Python. The best thing about this course is that its not rushing and there is enough time for you to learn. This course goes into the details like using spaces instead of Tab which i think other courses lack.If you want to learn Python Defiantly join this course. 
"Great course, and an excellent professor, I have never programmed before since I have a bachelor in International Business and it was really understandable with good exercises that make me want to learn more. I finished it in less than 2 weeks. I would recommend it to everyone who is looking to start programming in an easy way."
I think by taking this course i have done the right thing.because the way sir chuck teaches is best.Though in starting i reluctantly  study this course but as i proceed with the course i was getting much interest in the course.I eagerly wanted to do next course. And can't wait to complete specialization in python for everybody. 
Firstly I am very happy to complete this course. I am completely new to the python programming language and now I can write the programs in python. It is because of Coursera and the instructor is very friendly and explains the concept very well . If more practice exercises are included it would be more helpful for the students.
Brilliant teacher. So wonderfully explained. Opened my eyes to the fact that programming isn't just about the rules and the syntax to follow. Loved the platform designed to submit codes and the lecture slides since they were very informative and helpful. Looking forward to completing the next few courses in this specialization!
"It was a good introductory-level course and an overall good way to make it interesting. It was well designed and delivered. Being an educationist and an experience of 20 years, I think, instructor justified with these contents. Thumbs Up.
Thank you very much. I will definitely try to complete the whole specialization of Python."
"  After trying tutorial after tutorial and exploring many different resources to learn Python, I have finally found one that works! This is a very fun course, and the free textbook is simply incredible.Gives an interesting way to learn python and also provides online platforms to work with assignments. Easy to take in the basics.  "
It was a beautiful course and Sir Charles is one of the most beautiful and humble teachers i have ever seen in my life.I really am in a great sorrow that I didn't get his class in person and I'd love to get one.I look forward to all the courses that are offered by University of Michigan and Charles.I loved this course honestly.
"  It had been a great experience learning the basics of python via this class. The teaching is good and very easy for even a beginner to understand without any difficulty. I would suggest anyone who wants to learn basics of python, go for it. The teacher knows his materials and teaches in a friendly and easily understandable way.  "
"Great course, excelent and simple explanations.I'm familiar with most of the stuff here from other programming languages, but the course was more than able of pointing those small details that make python syntax different from others.Thank you Mr. Severance for this introduction into python, made in a simple and concise manner."
Professor Charles explains the subject at hand in detail while making sure that students aren't overwhelmed by the vastness of the computer language. The assignments are a tad bit easier than I would have hoped but the videos and quiz are more than thorough. Resources provided are great and it has been a good experience so far.
"Clear and concise introduction to python basics. For beginners, just be aware that this course will not enable you to program in Python well enough for most real-world applications. If you really want to learn Python, take the rest of the courses offered through the specialization to understand how to utilize the language well. "
Really liked the way Mr. Severance approaches the problem and his methods of teaching. He is by far the goofiest teacher on coursera which is unique in a way and also desirable I think. He makes learning fun.Great Job. All the best for future courses. Will surely want to take another course on python taught by Mr. Severance. :) 
"Actually, this my first Coursera course to ever take, I had zero Python experience, but this is a great introduction to Python and, without any doubt, it motivates me to delve deeper and learn more about Python. Finally, great thanks to Dr. Chuck and all whoever supports these courses, you really made it special and different."
"It is a really good course, I've learned a lot about python programming, and you don't need to be a english fluenty speaker to  get in this course, actually I have improved my skills in English while I was watching the classes and reading the extra lectures material, I really recommend this course, Thank you all from Coursera! "
"This was my first programming course that I've ever taken. I was happy to find that the pace of the course allowed me to also focus on my full time job, and the instructor had such a down to earth way of teaching. I've enrolled in the specialization associated with this course and look forward to completing the next 4 courses!"
"This class was absolutely fantastic.  I highly recommend it for the person who wants to pursue this field, the person who has a general interest and wants to see if they would like it, or the person who just wants a basic understanding to start exploring on their own.  I can't wait to continue the progression of these courses."
"The professor is super easy to follow and the class is very easy to understand for all backgrounds. This is a very basic course, so if you have coded in other languages before, you're going to breeze through the course. Having said that, it is a good course to learn the basic syntax to do loops, functions, ifs, etc. in Python."
"This course is both comprehensible and well-organized. The instructor is so nice that I had a great time enjoying the videos. There is only one problem which is actually not particularly attributed to this course. The coursera website sometimes got so hard for my browser to open, so I had to download the videos when it worked."
"I like this course a lot, i understand it's an entry level course so i don't mind going though everything in detail, but as i was already confident in C and Matlab i had to skip most of the basic explanations of how computer works and basic understanding of what programming is. The teacher is very good and very easy to follow."
"Very good class. I had previous programming experience in other languages, and this class helps you get the basics going very quickly with Python. I really appreciate the recommendation of the text editor ""Atom"" as well. I think it's important to be using something that is supported by the class, as opposed to your own editor."
"I am completely satisfied with the course. I think that I have built a strong foundation for Python Programming. I fully enjoyed every single bit of the lectures by Dr. Chuck, quiz and assignments at the end of chapters. Auto-grading system is yet another big advantage.Thank you Dr. Chuk, University of Michigan and Coursera!!!"
"I reviewed in korean for korean mooc learner.전 이 강의를 통해 파이썬을 처음 접하고 있습니다. 이 강의에서 제공하는 교재와 더불어 출판된 한글 교재(따로 적지 않습니다.)로 같이 공부하고 있습니다. 한국에서 출판하는 일반적인 교재와 다른 구성이 개인적으로 마음에 들었구요, 다른 교재에서 본 적이 없는 몇몇 코드도 신선했습니다. 전체적인 강의 레벨도 아직은 초급에 맞추어져 있어서 공부하기 좋았습니다. 강의하는 Dr. Chuck의 설명도 쉽고 명쾌하여 초심자로서도 크게 부담없이 강의를 들을 수 있었습니다. 영어도 크게 부담 없을 것이라 생각합니다. "
Really good intro into the Python language. Seems simple enough for students that have never programmed or scripted before. Very descriptive and helpful lessons along with interesting bonus material.Can be kind of slow or simple for students with a background in programming but a nice reintroduction if you are out of practice.
"very good course for beginners.and I would like to put some suggestions:1. might be worthy discussing a little about type conversion samples like: x=  ""1""; x = int(x);2. for HW 5.2, if user put floating number, it will pass the try, but actually we need to output integer. which is easy to fix but might cause frustrationthanks!"
"My background: I have learned Language C before. But I didn't use it at all after that. Then this year, I learned Python by my self for a month.  But I can't continue because it's beyond my understanding.  So I learned it through Coursera now.  What Dr. Severance taught is easy-understanding, it's very good for the beginners."
"Excellent course I really enjoyed learning python and it gave me a different dimension to the course the quality teaching provided,excellent faculties and assignments gave me an ability to think how to solve problems easily able to grasp whatever concepts I understood and able to apply.So feels great to be part of this course"
"I would rate this class as the best intro programming class, all credit to Prof.Chuck Severance. Chuck has put together a great course, I bet a lot of work went in to put together this thorough course. 
I have taken many courses on all most every MOOC out there and I would rank Chuck as a Hall of famer in online MOOC classes. 

"
Dr. Chuck makes the course (and python) very interesting!  The course is simple enough for complete beginners to start learning Python. The assignments are challenging but manageable with the help of TAs and fellow classmates. I feel great to have finished this course and I will start the next one in this specialization soon! 
"Great intro into programming; easy to follow up and very well explained.I'm a 8 year programmer and I loved the way these classes was given. Teacher is very clear and concise and speak in a fun way wich makes it good to learn the basics (the hardest part for someone who doesn't know anything about programming, in my opninion)"
The instructor is a great teacher...Probably the best one you'll ever find for Python. The content is great and you'll learn a lot beyond the course too. It's not just a Python course but a course that'll make you learn what programming actually is. You need not have even a bit of knowledge about programming for this course.
"  This class provides a basic understanding of Python. And after taking this course you'll feel like learning more.All thanks to Dr. Chuck! You made learning python interesting to me.Prior to this course, I had zero experience with python but now I'm able to do simple programs on my own. The free textbook is simply incredible.  "
"Well! First thing I want to say is This course bring to me basic python. This is show what computer thinking and how can I make conversation with this. Secondly, I want to say thank you dr. Charles Russell Severance you are amazing person I ever seen before.  So I will move on to next level in journer to become data science."
This is a fantastic course! Dr. Severance is great! He makes the information easy to understand and follow along with. I feel like I learned a lot in this course and have a good foundation for learning more in future courses. I would highly recommend this class to anyone that wants to get started learning coding with Python.
"I think I have got a very good platform to learn python. Also, the way of teaching and the explanations are awesome. I will surely recommend everyone to go through Coursera and learn whatever you want.I am extremely happy to learn from here and have also certified with a course.....and am still taking many courses from here. "
"Excellent stuff! ... I don't have any programming background but comes from a math background. Even though i feel frustrated when i struggle but learning is always useful. Easy to follow instructions. Good job here. But the practice is the key, i guess an hour daily will help to achieve what you want to achieve in this path."
"This is just a wonderful course Dr. Chuck, and the beauty of this course is the way you teach.You teach in a very joyful way that everyone learn it without feeling bore.You make this course more interesting and motivating by adding bonus videos.I wish this free access to Coursera extends so that I could learn more from you."
"It was amazing going through the entire course1. As my first programming language, I would say it was worthwhile learning under Dr. Chuks. The classes were organised in such a way that I could follow up step by step without much complications. I am grateful I was patient enough to complete it, and I look forward to course2."
"  This course was very well structured, very well taught. This helped me understand basic concepts of python, made me realize why innovation and programming is amazing. Explanation provided by Professor Charles is so precise and understandable that I feel this is one of the best courses to get started with python programming.  "
"This has been an amazing experience; it is so much convenient for people who are busy but still want to learn because Coursera is so flexible, Thank you Coursera! Thank you Dr Chuck, your explanation and classes are very helpful, detailed and beautifully assembled. I love coding!Thank you University of Michigan!Thanks!!! :D"
"This course gives you the substancial foundations to start your Python programming. It has it all, credibility, accesibility, simple notions to welcome you in the programming field both in theory and practice, helpful professor and intructors, well-organized schedule, a class feeling course that lights your Pythonista fire."
"A nice course.Indeed it was kinda easy for people with some background in programming like me, but I think it is the way it should be for people with no experience. In my opinion people with no programming knowledge at all could use this course to start learning programming without having to study anything else before that."
"Very suitable for new comers of programming. For me who has programming experience for more than 10 years and just want to catch up with the mainstream of programming in Python, it's a bit too simple. But that's my problem, not the class. The class is arranged nicely, Chunk presented very well and clear. I like it very much"
"I strongly recommend this course to everyone who didn't learn anything about programming before. Actually I have learned C language 8 years before but I don't think I understand programming. However this time I can realize why I should code like that. Dr. Severance's class is funny and vivid, it's worth to take this class."
It's a really simple course for beginners and really encouraging one. I had learnt Ocaml programming in my college first year but never learnt how thing worked there and wasn't able to visualize what actually was happening there. With this course I am able to visualize what each line is doing and how every loop is working. 
"Great course for any kind of demographic, be it a professional programmer seeking to add another language to their skill set or someone from a non technical background who have never coded in their lives. This course is beneficial to anyone who wants to start learning python. Great experience learning from a great teacher!"
"This is a good course if you are new to python or programming in general. The explanations for the course material is fine. However, some of the wording for the practice assignments could be worded better. I did not use the forums much, but I did see that the teaching assistant replied to other students in a timely manner."
"Very well planned course, nicely divided into weeks. Helped me get started with Python. The instructor is good. Its like your personal tutor :). Moreover Not just theory but also those practical quizzes and exercises helped me get my hands dirty with coding too . I am looking forward for more such courses and certificates. "
"Charles Severence is amazing at what he does, his method of teaching is second to none.  you remind me of my physics teacher back at high school he was very unorthodox in his teaching also.  so glad to see the course has gone to include all the material from his phenomenal book.  Thank you and well done snape youre awesome"
Basic python stuff covered. Useful for someone coming in with no real programming exposure. And a good revision for someone picking up programming after a gap. Dr.Chuck's style is easy and engaging to follow.  Note that this course covers only first five chapters of the python book.  Rest is covered as part of paid course.
"Excellent introductory course for programming! Chuck really did a fantastic job ""rewiring"" my brain so that now I begin to think about everything in a linear way, like a machine...For an absolute beginner, Python is much more accessible than Javascript. Highly recommended for anyone who wants to get a taste of programming!"
This was an excellent easy-to-follow introduction to programming and Python.  Course materials were well organized and presentations easy to understand.  Materials and explanations were very relevant.  Exercises presented good challenges and were appropriate to previous and current teachings.  So glad I took this course!!
"I really liked the style of professor Chuck, not a second of his talk is boring or irrelevant. I would suggest adding at the very beginning some very basics, like (non-)importance of using spaces in Py, use of colon and brackets. And also, the perspectives of working with Python - what is it that we will use it to create! "
This is a great course and it's truly a program for EVERYBODY.I And Dr.Chuck  is very knowledgeable and very humorous in class style. This course provides a lot of useful learning materials to make this course easier to learn and operate. I think I would highly recommend this course to my friends who want to learn Python.
"I really liked the way the professor had taught us. I was beginner to coding before the start of this course. Few of my friends had scared me that coding is the most difficult of all. But, during the period of this course I haven't felt scared at all but additionally I was so excited to complete the whole specialization. "
"Wonderful, I am getting to do this thru the grant from Minnesota Economic development.   Easy to understand and work with.    I guess the only thing that would be nice (that I have gotten use to thru udemy courses) is a optional followup video on the assignment that just walks thru why everything works the way it should. "
"This course is Awesome, it helped me to explore more and also the assignments are good and more over this course also gives u the industry explosure , thanks for giving oppurnity to learn thank you coursera and also thank you to my lovely python instructor, i will meet u one day in real life and i will take your blessing "
"A very well arranged, well taught and well assessed course about basics of Programming with python. tutor teaches it with ease and assignments test your knowledge of course material. At the end of this course, you will have a perfect basic knowledge about python programming and you will be eager to start the next course."
Excellent course for a beginner with absolutely no background in computer programming languages or coding in general. This course has really given me the confidence to go for more advanced level of Python. I absolutely loved the video sessions by the instructor. It felt like i'm physically attending his class. Thank you.
This course is an excellent resource for true beginners. Charles Severance has this amazing way to explain things that helped make the shift from thinking that computers are super-smart and I am just not smart enough to understand them. After this course I think that I am smart and computers are dumb. Highly recommended!
"This course is an absolute must for everyone wishing to get a good start in programming. Everything: from the quality of materials to the charm of Mr. Severance makes you want to return to the course and view another lecture, learn something new or succesfully complete another assignment.No, literally, that is supercool!"
"A very well taught intro to python and programming. I am a relatively experienced programmer in other languages, and am trying to get better with python with the python specialization. I found this course to be well taught and accessible. A bit too easy for someone with experience, however still great to pick up syntax."
Great first step to start of with introduction with a new language which for non-technical people like myself used to feel like rocket science. The instructor Dr. Charles is brilliant and there isnt a false moment in his teaching. It felt like taking one on one lectures. Looking forward to completing the specialization.
"This course starts out with the real basics which makes it approachable for someone new to programming.  If you already have experience programming, you can move through the material in a matter of hours - so it becomes a good refresher but doesn't consume too much of your time.  Nice job!  Keep up the quality courses!!"
"Great course and interesting materials and assignments. But I have previous skills in other programming languages , so some tasks were not so hard to pass. Professor is great in teaching and explaining important and complex concepts in easy and funny way. I will recommend this course to beginners and intermediate users."
This is hands down best class I have taken through coursera. So well thought out. Prof does a great job presenting the materials in an order that allows the learner to build a start to finish understanding of the material that leaves you with knowledge that can be applied not just memorization of a programming language.
"Good intro to Python. And to programming in general.One problem is that quizzes lock after you complete the course. Obviously, changing results after the end of the course is undesirable, but the ability to look through tests at at later date would be nice. I think this is a Coursera problem though, not course-specific."
Great course for anyone who is new to computer programming and wants to learn Python. This course covers Python 2.XX version which is good. For folks who already know other programming languages; you might want to consider other advanced Python courses or opt for advanced Python courses by Prof. Severance. Great Teacher
"This course help me to build my python knowledge. It is best course from COURSERA platform. Mr.Chuck is the best for teaching python. This course help me to join in my career . Sometime I had questions about python, but this is the course that answered all of them . Finally, I recommend this course for studying python. "
It is very well planned course for people who are just starting Python Programming. The assignments and quizzes are well set and it helps in evaluating ourselves how much we have learnt from the course. A very good course that I will recommend to every beginner who wants to start learning Python Programming. Thank You.
"I am working as faculty in Engineering, i know java, c++, and c programming languages surprisingly i was happy while learning python supporting by my management. i am feeling happy programming in python rather than well known programming languages yet. i hope i may work on python in the future as developerin  my career"
I've made several attempts (over the last 20years) at learning programming languages and theyve all left me intimidated and overwhelmed. For the first time I'm gonna walk away from finishing a course and feel empowered. I am excited to see what else I could do with a computer. Thanks Charles! You made a big difference!
"I love this course. This is my first course on coursera as well as 1st in programming language. This help me to enhance my skill. I enjoy learning here. If anybody fearing from coding, programming etc. you should definitely join this course. And lastly thanks all for making such helpful and informative learning course.   "
Very good course at breaking down the basic principles of Python programming and getting someone who has ZERO programming background started on learning a completely new language. I loved the way the videos take you through things step by step and the course resources are invaluable. Thanks for a great starter package!
"This course is great! Prof. Severance will walk you through all the basic concepts and capabilities of all programming languages in a simple and understandable way, it doesn't matter if you have previous experience or not. He'll even throw in a couple scifi and Michigan jokes to make the thing more entertaining, thanks"
"Professor will start teaching you from the basic so if you want to start programming its the best first step to take also this course is free so what we want because at other places you have to pay that too you wont get such a high quality of knowledge so go for it and choose this one to get yourself into programming.
"
"Wonderful Course ! I am so glad to get a teacher like Dr. Charles for this course! Very clear concepts explained in a way even beginners can understand! The assignments also tested the key concepts  And as Dr. Chuck said , this is only half of the entire big picture and I'm taking the next course Data structures also. "
"this course is extremely suitable for an individual who does not know anything about python. but after i learned the course . it seems like a litter bit of easy. i commend that at the final of the course. the text should tend to more difficult so that people who learn this course can actually improve programming skill

"
"Amazing Course. The auto grader, while a bit frustrating at times (through no fault of its own ;P), is an amazing tool that we got to use to actually test our codes on. Prof. Charles has a unique way of teaching and Ive grown fond of it. Im loving it so far and definitely wish to proceed futhur and gain more knowledge"
"This was an amazing journey to programming with Python for everybody, very detailed and step by step examples from Professor Mr Chuck. will definitely continue with more lessons and invite more people to follow up with the online courses.Continue your excellent work with the same passion for sharing the knowledge!!!!!"
"I have to admit that Dr Chuck is one of the best lecturer's that I have come across on the Coursera platform. He takes his time to explain concepts, relates it with real world examples, cracks jokes, and gives you the VR feeling ""it's like he's seated across your desk"". I recommend this to anyone curious about Python. "
"Humorous teacher and well-organized lecture, I really enjoy when I follow the lecturer and learning python. As a student of school of Arts, I am glad that I started my first programming class and found it interesting. I would keep going on my road of programming. Thank you coursera for giving me such an amazing class!"
"Interesting, useful, and captivating course. It helped me to get a good grasp in the ""world of programming"" and now I am feeling a bit more confident as I got relevant knowledge of the basics of Python. Definitely would recommend to a friend or anyone who wants to start learning Python but has no idea how that works."
"An excellent course for complete beginners who want to learn coding from scratch. Although I was already familiar with most of the concepts taught, I was never really bored due to Professor Charles Severance and his compelling nature. I believe, with enough motivation, the course can be completed in less than a week."
It is an awesome course for a beginner! totally recommended. most importantly Prof.Charles Russell Severance guided the audiences using simple examples and useful assignments. All of these allow me to find the excitement and interesting parts of python. definitely keep my learning path on python with Prof. Severance. 
The course was really good. It had some of the most basic concepts of python that even a non-technical person can learn. It helped me clear my concept overall. The videos were very well made and the explanation was simple yet effective for the learner. Overall it was a good experience for my first ever online course.
"Dr. Chuck Severance is a good, thoughtful instructor, giving a course that is just right for anyone interested in getting started with computer programming.  In addition to the regular course materials, I recommend viewing Dr. Chuck's interviews with Python creator Guido van Rossum and Coursera creator Daphne Koller."
"very good course for introduction programming skills. I had no idea about programming languages but when I follow the instructions, it took 1 week to complete all course with 100 point final grade! Thanks for sharing information very clearly and for free. I suggest everyone who would like to start from the beginning. "
I thought programming is difficult but the way Dr. Chuck taught I think it is easy. I just completed the first module and I think I am now confident to go for advance topics.Thanks Dr. Chuck for designing the course in a brilliant way that even a person without any programming knowledge can learn and become a expert.  
As someone who recently went through medical school but decided on a career change to pursue a career in software development and IT in general this course was a great stepping-stone in getting a feel for the bare bones in the world of coding and I definitely recommend it to coding newcomers with no prior experience.
Hi!!!!!!I'm Victor and I can't believe but I just finished Getting Started with Python as part of the Python for Everybody specialization. I didn't really know much about programming before I started but I was able to progress rapidly and flow with the course. I honestly feel Everyone can and should learn to program.
"It is a very nice introduction to programming with Python. Truly for everybody. Even with little background in mathematics this is a very doable course! I used to get into the topic for my master thesis. Personally, at times the explanations got repetitive, but then again, this is an introduction. I can recommend it!"
Mr Chuck you are the best!!! I wasn't convinced to take on line course. I thought it would be boring and hard to understand. I still do not feel an expert and it probably took me more time to understand some things- I'm not the mathematics genius. But now I feel that it something that I can try to develop. Thank you.   
"This course is a really good introduction into Python. I started this course with almost zero programming experience. The course is elaborate and easy to follow with good examples, and the teacher has a good sense of humor which makes the lectures more fun. I will definitely do the rest of the specialization courses!"
I though that this was a very good beginner course to programming. I have had a introductory course for C programming and it was similar. The quality was good and it had many good ways to reinforce the concepts. Although some of the beginning classes were very basic I still learning some concepts that I did not know. 
It was very interesting and the instructor has a right way of presentation which simplified the course. I appreciate the basic skills this course has offered me. Looking forward to the approval of chapter 2 financial aid to enable me proceed. I am passionate about this course and all related courses in data science.
"Aprendi lo basico de Python 3. La modalidad de Coursera funciona para mi. No tiene comparacion con las modalidades presenciales. En la contingencia sanitaria actual tenemos modalidades en linea con nuestra respectiva escuela o instituto. Sin embargo, Coursera tiene la modalidad por exelencia donde aprender se puede."
this course is very helpful for me though i have learned some other languages before still i have learned a lot through this course all the thanks goes to proff charles from slytherin hahaha but assingments are very good and we can relate it from our life. thank you sir i hope we can meet some day in this very life.
"I really like this class. I am new to programming in Python and this course makes me feel confident that every time I learn something new, I know what I am learning. I can pinpoint where I make mistakes or what I don't understand right away and build my knowledge step by step, stress-free, to write my first scripts!"
An excellent course for programmers aspiring to learn the Python language. Lectures are short and easy to understand and the assignments are ideal tools for testing the  knowledge acquired throughout the course. Thank you Dr. Chuck for the course. I look forward to completing many more of your courses in the future.
"I started learning with a book written by the same instructor, it's very helpful.In lectures on Coursera, the instructor made a vivid description of what python really do and how to make logical statements using python. I read the book as a supplementary of learning, which confirms me of what I learned from videos."
"The way Charles Russell Severance has explained every concept, I guess even a 6-7 year old kid would be able to comprehend and ace the course. Everything was explained in simple language and in all possible detail. Not just python, I would recommend this course for anyone trying to pick up any programming language."
"Great introductory course for beginners. Thanking Professor Charles Russell Severance for coordinating this course. I really learned a lot. I really appreciate your endeavors. This course proves anybody can learn to program in Python, all they need to know are basic mathematics and a little bit of logical thinking.  "
This is a really good course and most importantly it starts from basic. Anyone with no programming experience will go through quite easily. Bonus videos at the end of every week add to the content and quality of the course. Thank you professor for teaching the course and making it an amazing experience of learning. 
"Everything is perfect in this course, Awesome Exercises, Nice progress tracking system and much much more. I  had a lot of fun with Charles and also learned all the building blocks of Python Through out this course. Charles is an awesome teacher that I ever met . Thank you so much Charles sir.  # long_live_Coursera"
"This was by far the best Python course I have taken for absolute beginners. A lot of other courses begin with the basics but suddenly jump to more complex concepts after a week or two, but this course progresses beautifully for an absolute novice and is truly 'Programming for Everybody: Getting started with Python'"
Wonderful course conducted by Dr. Charles Severance where he has explained the Python concepts in such a lucid manner that even people having no prior coding experience will find it very easy to learn.This course is definitely among the finest examples of pedagogy in programming. Thank you Dr. Charles and Coursera.
"This course started very easy but ending slightly challenging so it was a perfect introduction to Python as well as general programming for me. My background is limited to writing lots and lots of SQL but always on the analytics side, not on the infrastructure side. Looking forward to continuing the specialization!"
"Clear, useful introductory course to programming in general and of course Python. Professor Charles is a great instructor, thanks to his optimistic attitude and engagement make things easier because he makes you laugh using funny an creative way to explain, It makes you feel more confident even if you fail at first"
"professors are very intelligent, They are really very much friendly and well elaborated .  And the videos are very well structured and well framed. the professors are really help very much to me and the website of coursera  is also very well framed , it is really very helpfull for solving the problems in programs."
"If you want to know the basics of the python, then this is your platform. I just want to give you one advice, all the answers of the assignments are available on the internet. so don't cheat, you will not gain knowledge if you cheat. apart form that the course is informative and gives you basic knowledge of python"
I cannot rave enough about Charles Severance. He makes learning the language fun and goes at the perfect pace--and he's entertaining! I found myself giggling as he was working through some explanations.This is THE quintessential class everyone should take before diving into tougher sections of Python. Thank you!!!
Very easy and basic programming friendly for all beginners. Actually it only takes about an hour for the courses and assignments per week. I had a little bit of java programming experience in high school but I think this is really good and relax for a programming review and start to learn new programming language.
"First finished course on Coursera! I wanted to learn Python some years ago but did not find the time, the motivation and the right teacher... Charles is a great teacher and I really like how he oresents the concepts and the community. This course is one of the best I had as a MOOC (and I did more than 15 already)."
"Dr Chuck is a great instructor. Keeps us entertained throughout his lectures. Got help from teaching staff in the discussion forums very quickly, and was really happy about it. This course covers everything from the very basics, so anyone with zero programming knowledge can also take it! Thanks to the entire team!"
Outstanding! Charles Severance is an extremely dedicated and passionate professor who makes you embrace Python3 like an entertaining activity; The rhythm of the lessons is accurate and the difficulty increases gradually from the basic programming skills up to the initial data structure; A must for learning python!
"A great intro to Python! Professor Chuck explains everything in a clear way and makes it enjoyable. I just wish all the assignments had worked exercises because it takes some time getting used to the idea of writing your first bit of code. Nonetheless, this is a great start and I look forward to the second course!"
I've tried to learn Python for years! Always starting and stopping...there is something about Dr. Chuck and Coursera that has helped me go farther than any previous effort. The learning is challenging and very rewarding! Thank you! The PDF of Python for Informatics by Charles Severance helped reinforce the videos.  
"The course as well as the course contents are perfect. Dr. Chuck explains all the concepts really well. Whether one has done programming earlier or not, this course will give you an insight of what programming means. I would highly recommend this course to everyone who wants to learn Python. Go for it . Good Luck!"
This  is the ideal course for a beginner. As I already knew the basics of C programming some of the concepts was already clear to me. Still I would recommend this course if you already know another programming language and trying to learn python. However in that case you will be able to complete the course early.
"""Python for Everybody"" is the perfect start for beginners....sir chuk...you are really funny and your way of teaching is very good to bring the interest in anyone....who ever is thinking to take this course go for it ...you won't even feel stressed or pressurized...so go learning ...go coding....enjoy with python"
"This course is amazing for every beginner who wants to step into the programming world. Anyone can learn the basics of programming from this course. Also, it has a playground (Online coding environment) to run your program and to test them. Very thankful to Instructor and Coursera for availing this course for us."
" In the beginning, i knew nothing about python but now it is 20% . I think computer languages are difficult to peoples if they haven't learnt from good teachers like you because you have started this course from zero. you taught us the very very basic point.so thankyou sir to make python easy understandable to us."
"Very good one for the once who are starting fresh on this programming knowledge. I know couple of programming languages, but i wanted to learn python. So not a bad one, in fact it turned to be the best on for me. Now I'm pretty good with the basics as well and i would like to take this to next level. Thank you :)"
I really appreciated the structure of the course. All of the video content easily covered the topics needed for the assignments. I also find the course textbook to be incredibly concise and to the point. I didn't feel like any information was missing and it was very easy to navigate if I needed to find an answer. 
"This course is suitable for those who don't have any previous knowledge or very little knowledge of programming. And the instructor, Dr. Chuck is very funny and makes the concepts so easy to learn and interesting that the learning experience turns awesome! I really wish I could meet him and learn tonnes from him."
excellent videos by Dr chuckalthough i will recommend this video to only beginners to programming.those who already have experience in c and java can fast forward the videos and complete just the assignments as a lot of stuff is same .overall very nice .ill definitely like to watch other videos related to python.
"
This is a great course. The teacher not only knows his material, but has
 a lot of experience working with first time programmers and so knows 
what errors they are likely to make and what questions they are likely 
to ask and addresses them all. He is fun to listen to. He was 
interesting and even funny at times

"
It was really an amazing course I must say . I had been too afraid about programming language . So I took a daring challange in quarantine and Alhamdulillah successfully I am done with my course 1 . My instructor learned me in the easiest way . Thanks ! So from this inspiration I am going to take my 2nd course .
"great course , really suggest this course if you are just starting with programming and have no previous experience of coding, the structure of the course is very systematic , helps a lot of keeping track in terms of what you have learnt and also , you will just be able to start coding at the end of this course."
Great. It is easy to understand. The course content is at the appropriate level. You can feel like improving step by step. And the assignments are well-designed to consolidate the knowledge. Overall I am satisfied with the course design and will continue with the following chapters despite the free trial passed.
"  This is a good programming course for a beginner. The instructor, Dr Chuck, is a great teacher. His teaching somehow manages me as a beginner to be a `real` programmer, following a good track, rather than a random track if we become a programmer by ourself (self-taught).  Thank you Dr Chuck, wish you good health"
"Enjoying the learning process already! The introduction made me want to get more involved in the learning process of python. It's normally hard for something or anything at that, to keep my attention long enough for me to learn anything. Thank you so far in making this experience feel a little more easy and fun."
Never thought I will be able to program but here  I am.The lectures are easy to follow. The assignments are very hands on and aides what is taught in the lectures. The lectures are brief so you don't get bored. The mentor and other teaching staff are very prompt to reply and solve any doubts that you might have. 
"It is a very basic course for beginners, so the pace of the lectures is kind of slow and the content simple. However, most of the time, I found it very helpful and inspiring, because Prof. Severance explained everything in detail for beginners like me, and he was such a funny teacher! I quite enjoyed the course."
"The instructor explains it very well and I have learned so much in this part. But the most important thing is, I have learned to solve problems. Exercises were perfect. Nothing too much, just in place. To get you going.Can't wait for the other chapter.I encourage everyone who wants to take this course, do it!!!"
"It was really good experience, I love to attend classes ...it's quite interesting n easy way to learn... Quiz and assignment also good....top of this I got an idea about utility of python programmers and there working way....I am happy with this course...thank you sir for making wonderful session...thanks a lot"
By far the best online programming class that I have ever been a part of. Dr. Charles with his smile at the end of videos just keeps you stuck to the screen and keeps the desire of learning something new intact.Great job the whole staff and the University of Michigan for helping us get a teacher like Dr. Chuck!
This course is too good sir. You are making it too special. along with the teaching the sessions like guidance from great personalities and office hours sessions are too good. The way in which you teach also lure us to the study. Looking forward to make good use of whatever the knowledge you gave. Thanks a lot.
This course is very useful for all the people who know about programming or not.i was little bit of experience in programming but this course is very useful for me i learn new thing in which. its is very suitable for those who don't know about programming . and again i want to say Thanks Dear professor Dr chuck
"Excellent way to get started with Python. The explanations are sufficient to pass all exams and assignments, although they accurately leave a bit of space for the student to investigate and research certain chapters on Google themselves, which happens to be an essential part of programming as well. Recommended."
"Professor Severance is very humorous and he always make great metaphors to help the students understand better. I wish I could know and learn from him in person! Overall, this course is a great experience for beginners like me to learn python. After this I am hoping to participant in some higher-level projects. "
"Professor Charles Severance is simply awesome, I have become a big fan of his style of teaching, Thanks you Charles. This is a fantastic course, that every one who is beginning to program must take. The course introduces to all the basics about Python, it is a great way to start your journey with Python.Thanks."
"Excellent way to learn basics of Python. Exercises are easy enough while conveying the core principles. Would recommend it to anyone interested in learning Python. Just a small suggestion, if there were little bit more exercises, the course would be perfect, or at least a link to exercises specific to chapters."
"Great introduction to Python, in easy-to-understand chunks. Having finished this course, I'm really looking forward to completing the next items in the specialisation!  If you're wondering if coding's for you, or if you can do it - this course will get you started coding with zero tears.  It's totally worth it."
"Great, great course! It takes an aspiring programmer by hand and leads step by step through loops, functions and conditional statements. Charles Severance, the instructor, makes the videos funny and interesting and the interviews with people from the field create the feeling of being a part of something big :-)"
"Thanks to the coursera and all the instructors for their struggle and make make us able to learn a lot the courses overall was awesome ,the best content and great videos,lectures, assignments and quizzes The best way of learning And also grateful for coursera financial aid it help me a lot.Thank you once again"
" Great for those who are new to the world of programming, learning a new programming language, or just want to wind down and reminisce the simpler times of programming. Lessons delivered with near-physical atmospheres; great if you need help with focusing in an online learning environment. Will highly recommend"
"thank you so much for giving me this opportunity to learn python. I am a math major, and I won't be able to take a python course during undergrad, but i know this is really important. I appreciate this program and the partnership with UC Riverside so that I may be able to complete this course at no cost to me."
"Really nicely put together intro course. I come from ZERO programming background. I definitely needed reddit and github help, so you need to do your work and just learn the basics here and get help where you need it. What's the point of copying and pasting someone else's code---just take a step back and learn!"
This course is amazing if you are a beginner and want to start coding using python its also helpful for those who already know a programming language but want to get used to the syntax of python but they may find this course a bit lengthy i would recommend them just to skip some of the parts they already know. 
"I like the course very much. It was fun to wach and try to do yourself. The lectures are easy to understand. For the last assignment, I was lost in the code. Even the answer was in front of my eyes, I couldn't see it. I have learnt than we have to be careful about the order of precedence. I hank you very much."
"One of very few programming intro classes that takes the time to make sure the student understands the material. Especially important with new coders, but even experienced coders in different language types will appreciate the hammering home of some of the more distinct concepts in object oriented programming. "
"“Wonderful. This is the best organized, most pragmatic,           
  and enjoyable course I've taken.”Dr.CHUCK was a great instructor, very entertaining,
  knowledgeable. I found the material very applicable and
  got much more out of the class than I expected .“Totally fantastic, right level, right material.”"
I just loved this course. This was my first course in something like programming. Charles Sir taught this course with such simplicity and fluency that I got interested in pursuing future courses in the specialization. Thanks a lot Charles Sir and University of Michigan; and of course Coursera for this journey!
This course is quite beneficial for the beginners. The course materials have been designed in such a way that they help with the basic building concepts of Python. The quizes and programming tasks are added benefits and help in the overall assessment. The lessons are interactive and thus interesting to pursue.
Dr. Severance was an amazing instructor. The Python 4 everybody website was an amazing resource to let us start programming immediately without having to set up things on our computer. I have a Python background and i felt this course provided a thorough introduction and served as a solid refresher for myself.
"This is a FANTASTIC foundation for people who have not gotten into the weeds of a programming language before. The way Charles breaks everything down and gives you logical, visual, and technical ways to think about each coding concept is a great multi-pronged teaching approach that makes coding feel intuitive."
"This is a great course I sincerely recommend  for you. As I am a beginner here in programming, I can feel that I learn a lot here from this course, and the homework also made me to think and solve it. I am enjoy in solving work and Professor Chunk's trip around the world. This is my favorite part after class. "
  The instructor is awesome and the designing of course is fabulous and super easy to understand. I found this course great. I will suggest who want to learn Python Must must take this Course. It will help you lot and clear all your basics.I refer all my beloved friends and juniors to take this course.Thankyou.  
"Actually I loved this course offered by Coursera and my professor Dr.chucks the way he taught us that's really fantastic, I was very enthusiastic in the whole course to learn new things and loved the way Dr.chucks explained it all. I suggest everyone if they are planning to learn python they must go for this."
Love it. Don't be afraid if you've zero IT / programming knowledge. This course caters to complete beginners. I came w/o any knowledge and i thoroughly enjoyed this course. Easy step by step and systematic learning. Can always revisit the videos again if you can't remember something. Thanks so much Dr Chuck !
Very well done course that is a great introduction to people who have little to no prior coding experience. The instructor explains concepts in multiple ways in plain language and analogies easy to understand. I also enjoyed the bonus video interviews with people involved in open source software and hardware.
Best programming course I have ever taken. Charles Severance explains all concepts clearly and demonstrates them in a fun and practical way that makes it easy for people to work at assignments at their own speed and learn how to build relatively complex programs with little or no background in programming. :)
"Good intro to python. Gets you on basics as well as loops and conditional statements. The lectures cover the book materials and are helpful for understanding. The worked examples are often straight forward, but occasionally require some debugging and extending your thinking a little past the current material. "
  This course is focused on teaching the basics of python for those who does not know even the basics of programming. The way that the professors provide explanations to every concept makes pretty easy to understand every aspect of the course.  I highghly recommend it for newcomers in the world of programming.  
"What's really great about this course is that you get 3-4 different avenues to learn and secure your knowledge on the topic. Not only are there videos you can watch and material to read, the quizzed help remind you of what you learned and most of all the practice exercises give you experience in programming. "
It was really a wonderful learning experience with Prof. Charles. He is really a great educator and learning python for the first time wouldn't have been better than this. So thanks to Coursera for giving us such a great opportunity to learn online while being quarantined at our home for the last two months.
"Excellent course, well suited for beginners, as it covers the very basics to ensure you understand all subsequent steps. The teaching approach is very engaging and interspersed exercises as well as additional material and resources available from the PY4E website helped me stay engaged throughout the course."
Great lecturer and well though-out assignments that cement the teaching in the lectures. The 'autograder' assignments are very useful and how some code has been entered to start you off and get you thinking (it may or may not be correct!)My only criticism is that the bonus materials aren't all that relevant.
"I really loved this course. I have no prior knowledge of programming. After completing this course, i have learned the basics of Python programming. The teaching and the exercises in this course is really good. I would definitely recommend this course to someone who wants to start learning python from basics"
"Outstanding introduction to Python. A bit off topic at times, but all with good intent by Dr. Chuck. For those with NO knowledge of computers, it's a good point to start; those with intermediate computer knowledge, you'll find yourself time-skipping through videos at time. 10/10, have recommended to friends."
"Very good course! It explains a computational language in an easy way so i, a biologist could easily understand it. The tests are very compatible with the course theory and really helped me to practice what I've learned in the course. Congratulations on the great course! I'm looking forward to the next ones!"
An awesome course for beginners..Starts from the root of logic building and programming and moves forward to some tough problems..Very interactive sessions with an awesome teacher who brings a big smile on your face whenever you open the video..Feeling really high after completing the course... Thank you..:)
"  Very good, very understandable, the explanation is thorough and systematic. I love how Mr. Charles teaches, his clear explanation, supported with easy-to-understand examples and analogies is just the best !! I love studying about Programming and i would like to take another class! Thanks very much Coursera!"
"I really enjoyed it. It was too easy for me, though, because I already took a Python Specialization from UofMichigan. I'm excited to tackle the other courses in this Specialization, though. That should be fun! Thanks for a great course in general, and I love the open source nature of this. All the best! Ian"
"Different to many other courses you can sense that the teacher knows the potholes you can fall in as a student and he provides you as a student very good help in achieving tasks and assignments, a well thought through course by a teacher who likes to programme and teach. I salute him for a very good course."
"This course helped me significantly with programming. Considering AI, Data Science, and Machine Learning are only getting more advanced and essential for our lives, I see learning Python as an invaluable asset for our future. I highly recommend this course for everyone, no matter the programming experience."
Its a great start for beginners. All the basic concepts are taught in a simple manner so that anyone can understand. Its the right pace and easy to go with the flow. Helps the people with no programming background get into the field of programming. Its interactive and the tasks are the right amount of tough
"For a person who had no previous knowledge in programming whatsoever, this course was really helpful. Along with tutorial videos, quizzes and assignments ...the interviews of some of the pioneers in their own fields of technology really keeps you motivated , not only to keep learning but move ahead in life."
What an effort put by the instructor and the assignments are design cleverly good so that we can get the basic idea as well as uderstand the concept. Just add a little more task start form easy to complicated so that we can get a higher level of understanding. Thanks again for making such an awesome course.
"Excellent Course! Great introduction for Python.Awesome trainer! The teacher not only knows his material, but has a lot of experience working with first time programmers and so knows what errors they are likely to make and what questions they are likely to ask and addresses them all. He is fun to listen to! "
it was very nice and helpful but for someone who already the basic of any programming language its not necessary to take this course because this course for those who never done the programming before Anyway I'm thankful to Coursera for providing such opportunity for student to learn.Thank YouAqila Ebrahimi
Amazing course. Never thought learning would be so much fun. This is my first online course and I feel motivated to do more! Coursera has revolutionized the teaching methodology. Special Thanks to Dr.Chuk. you are the reason for my first Python certificate. You are an awesome teacher and inspiring figure.:)
"Great course!Prof Severence is an excellent instructor that does a great job explaining the concepts, answering questions, and providing a bit of humor along the way!The quizzes are a nice way to check your understanding, and the assignments are just challenging enough to be worth while. Highly recommended!"
Prof Charles Severance made the course interesting. I wasn't a fan of programing  hats off to Prof Charles. I am interesting in moving to the next course in Python. I would prefer if we have more than one code assignment so students who want to practice more it will be handy. may be it can be made optional.
"Great course. Professor Chuck Severance really makes you understand the whole concept, the material is consistent and well-structured and the interviews - Computing Conversations - with important figures of Technology are insightful (Massimo Banzi - Arduino; Guido van Rossum - Python; Pooja Sankar - Piazza)"
"I liked this course a lot. I think it gave me a pretty strong basis to start deepening my knowledge in the field of programming even more. Furthermore, the teacher explains the concepts in a very clear manner and the book provided is  a very valid instrument to deepen what has been said during the lessons."
"This is an excellent platform where excellence is a tradition! Thanks to the very inspiring, impressive, and very techie facilitator, Dr. Chuck! This is such a very good resource for learning python. I am going to recommend this resource to my colleagues and close friends! Keep up the good work, Dr. Chuck! "
"although it was an online class , but the way it was presented made it interactive and interesting , and was able to pay attention from the start till end.For someone with finance background with zero programming experience , i was able to follow and understand what was taught and follow through.Good job !"
"Thank you, University of Michigan. I understand that the course can be slow-paced, even for myself. However, the slow pace allowed me to grasp the concepts of python: indentation is crucial, how to properly format loops, etc. which was great coming from C++. I look forward to continuing the specialisation."
"The course is excellent - I started with no knowledge of either Python or coding in general, and I thought this was a great introduction. It is quite slow-moving, so I wouldn't recommend it for anyone with prior knowledge on the subject, but I would recommend this course very highly for absolute beginners."
"I was complete noob before getting started with this course. But after completing all the assignments and the practicing all the exercises behind textbook now i might be able to read some basic codes and be able to understand them. Thank you Charles Severance, for creating such a nice course for beginners."
"Its a wonderful Course and the tutor not only is experienced,has a good idea about the materials but also keeps the students engaging. You would never stop the course midway. The tuutor exactly knows to teach a beginner. This is definitely the course you were looking for if you are beginner in promgramming"
"The simplified approach was great. This is a better way to teach programming than when I learn C decades ago. Had the professor taken the basic approach taken in this class instead of overwhelming individuals with computational math problems from the start, I would have continued down the programming path. "
Thank you for providing useful materials for who does not know any programming. I'm very interested in this course and i'm going to continue educating myself in Python which opened new window in my IT world. And special thanks for Dr. Severance who made this challenging course easy to learn and understand. 
"Great ! Les bases de Python expliquées simplement, avec quelques petits programmes pas toujours si simples que cela à écrire. Le cours n'est pas traduit en français mais il est compréhensible meme pour une française pas vraiment douée en anglais. Je passe au suivant 'Python Data structure'Thanks Dr Chuck !"
"Never thought I would enjoy programming as I just believed my brain didn't work that way, but how wrong was I. I am simply amazed at how well the instructor subtly but quickly builds on previous slides to  increase your understanding so that after six weeks you thoroughly grasp the very basic fundamentals."
Excellent course ! Dr. Charles Severance is a conscientious teacher. He gives the clear and funny examples and keeps encouraging learners. The lessons are well-structured and the assignments following the lessons require the ability to apply the functions. I highly recommend this course for all beginners.
This is the best course for those who do not have any prior knowledge in programming and python. One thing which take my whole attention toward this course is the way of teaching. I think its hard to fined someone who gets bored with this professor.  I suggest this course to every beginner in programming.
The course instructor is very patient. Although I am an advanced beginner the quiz questions were sometimes tricky. I like the attitude of the instructor when he says that he wants us to become teachers and spread the knowledge that we have gained through this course to others.Thank you for a fresh start!
"Before learning this course, I dont know anything about programming.But really, the way Professor.Chuck delivered the concept of python from scratch helped me to do coding and kindled the interest to do next course.Thank you Professor.Now i am confident to do coding from expressions upto loops in Python.."
Really really good course. I am a complete beginner and I found the difficulty of the course to be just right. Challenging but engaging. Dr. Charles made the lessons very easy to understand. He's occasionally funny too! Assignments were useful and I've learned a lot in this introductory course. Thank you! 
"I would recommend this course to everyone who wants to learn to programme. Although I'm tech-savvy, I had no prior knowledge of the software and also I'm not from a STEM background. Even then, I swiftly completed this course while developing simple yet substantial programmes. Thank you, Charles Severance. "
"An absolutely awesome course to get your interest into python lit! The lecture is just too good, its way easier to understand the fundamentals. This course is gonna help a lot in getting a proper understanding of the what basics of python that's required. Overall a very good course if you're a beginner :>"
"Very enjoyable and well taught course. This course will give me the ability in the future to utilize Python in my everyday learning, as well as hopefully aid me to learn and better understand other programming languages. The teacher Charles Severence was a fantastic teacher and explained things very well."
"Having no prior programming experience, this class was a great introduction. Dr. Chuck's made the course material feel intuitive, and were complemented nicely by the reading material and exercises. Each chapter built on the previous chapters nicely. Looking forward to taking the next course in the series!"
"This is an excellent initiative to educate the world. I hope that the course reaches great heights. I believe that the one who completes this course will proudly say ""Hey! If I can teach a computer (through Python), then I can teach anyone in need.""This course really makes ""Programming for Everybody""!! :)"
"I used to do a lot of very simple programming when I was younger, but let it slide over the past decade or so. Being a total newcomer to Python, I really appreciated the solid foundation that this course provides, and I'm looking forward to furthering my knowledge of Python with the other related courses."
"As a beginner in Python Language, I found this 7-week course very comprehensive and also made me so comfortable to code. Our tutor, Prof. Charles, explains the basic concepts of programming and coding syntaxes very clearly and with a bit of humour  :)I thoroughly enjoyed all the classes of this Course-1. "
"Great course! I didnt think I could complete a course in programming... From the outside, I always thought it was too abstract. But Dr. Severance is a great teacher! He makes python programming seem so easy. I know it gets tougher from here but Mehn, if I can complete this, then I can complete any other. "
This is one of the my best course. Dr chuck provide some of the new concept through python 3. it was great experience for me to learn this course and also provided the way to teach and also how to write a program..This is best course and i would to like to say learn with fun and explore your knowledge...
"It may seem like a slow start, especially if you understand the basics of programming, but actually it is great that Dr. Chuck walks you through it all with easy examples and a great teaching style!Would recommend this to anybody who starts out with coding above self-teaching resources like Code Academy."
I found this course to be both well designed and interestingly presented. It kept my attention and has made me crave for more Python. I have already signed up for another course!Many thanks to Dr. Chuck and the Teaching Assistants for all their efforts to help me along the journey to Pythonic excellence.
Very well structured course content. Easy to understand and follow. Just don't forget that the included exercises do not automatically make you an expert so if you want to enroll make sure to set aside a bit of extra time for additional reading and hands on coding to really make the most of this course.  
"This is a wonderful course -
both personally and professionally.  Incredibly informative I will
take away lots of things that I can quickly and easily apply in my professional
career. The most important part is that I enjoyed every bit of the session
& practiced well and completed everything in on time. "
This course was very useful. I'am doing my M.E Automotive Engineering and i just thought knowing additional programming language would be very useful. The Instructor is very talented in making the audience understand the programming concept effectively. Thank you so much for letting me have this Course.
If you are a complete beginner in the Programming world then this course here is the perfect platform to kickstart your coding journey. The instructor always makes sure that he explains each technical jargon in simple relatable English and his way of teaching is good. He never makes his lectures boring.
"It was a pleasure learning experience and I am glad I got this opportunity to learn programming at this point of my career. Being a non-technical person this platform is giving a ray of hope that I can survive in this technical world. I never thought I could start programming, but now I can say - I can."
"It is such an amazing experience! Even though I am from life science back ground, I am now able to write programmes in python without any syntax errors. I am so fascinated to continue my learnings in data science and R in none other than coursera. Thank you so much #Charles severance and #coursera team!"
This course was an amazing introduction to programming in Python. Dr. Severance does a great job introducing the material and walking the viewer through logic exercise/implementing code. I look forward to taking the next courses in the certificate program and expanding upon what I have learned thus far!
"Chuck is a very good teacher, he using the simply example to explain the complex thing, and most ""simple example"" is genius ideal, they must be pay a lot on the background of the class. I learn python is for extend my technical knowledge and for more working opportunities, I trust the class can help me."
"I just finished the first course in the specialization. Dr. Severance is excellent! He is the best computer science teacher I have ever had. The example codes are simple, but insightful. He takes his time explaining the concepts step-by-step. He makes learning python as easy as eating a taco. Seriously."
"I'm not a beginner in the field of programing, so I can't tell how friendly this course is to one's who just started learning coding. But at least for me, this has been a great experience since the course is content filled and the exercise is interactive enough for me to put the knowledge into practice."
"Teacher Charles is doing a wonderful job to me, a very beginning learner.    I've never thought I could take a programming class, and I didn't know if I can do that.   Professor is really interesting during class video and with proper level of assignments help me more understand the materials I learned."
i liked how the course was designed.Gave an overview of Python Programming.Coming from C/C++ found the coding quite crisp.Furthermore i would like to thank the faculty who designed the course .Professor Charles for the video & the instructions too. And yes indeed programming for everybody is not a myth.
"Good introduction to Python. Examples and assignments were just what I needed to get a jumpstart. Professor has an amazing and funny teaching style (if you're someone from the coding industry), helps chill out and relax and learn at the same time !! Thank you very much !! Can't believe it's all free ..."
"I would definitely repeat this course again. It has good narative, nicely paced around. And seems it meant that we will be now teachers to others. It is really meant for Everybody.I learneth also how to use command promt during this course and also language which is usable in any work not just at home."
"I loved this course. In this course, I got to learn about basic python language. It was fun attending the lectures, I got to know about the basic structures of  a programEveryone should do this course as knowing a programming language(one of the most popular ones)is necessary for the coming generations"
"Actually it was my first online class, and I really enjoyed it, because it involved me in this community of online courses. And Dr. Chuck was really inspiring person for me, and it really helped me to realize how these online courses worked. And also learn basic knowledge in fun way about the Internet."
"I am a Computer science Graduate and a working professional. The course is so clear that even if you have absolutely no idea about programming, you can understand programming concepts and learn Python easily. If you have experience in programming it will brush up a lot of your basics. Happy learning :)"
"  I had bit of knowledge in C and wanted to learn a new language.This course is perfect if you had prior experience with another language.Charles servernce is the best professor you could ever ask for.His classes are funny, informative and really fantastic.Please take this course and become a Pythonista!  "
"My greatest applause for the course teacher! Simply greatly equipped and talented computer scientist!I guess python just eased my way for programming, made it easier than java, C, label those oldies!All i can say this course made me a better programmer!Thanks to all who served to bring out this course."
"This course really me with the basics of python language. Great instructor, Dr.Chuck :)) he explained it keen and we in his guidance succeeded. Thank you coursera for this course and thank you University of Michigan. Assignments and quiz can help you to know the mistakes and can gain knowledge from it.  "
Thank you so much for the great work put into developing this course. The lectures were very easy to follow and engaging as well. I really enjoyed the hands-on assignments and I found the questions on the quizzes to be relevant. This was a fantastic introduction to Python and to programming in general. 
This was my first step into my career and I had a great experience learning this course. I thank Coursera for providing this course to me for free. I thank  Dr. Charles Severance(Dr. Chuck). He is a great teacher and scientist. I never bore while listening to him. Excellent python course for beginners.
"This course seemed course started a little slow covering the very basics of how computer hardware and software interact. However, I did learn a few things and look forward to taking more advanced programming courses with Coursera.  I really appreciate Coursera focuses on the ""why"" as much as the ""how""."
"Fairly phenomenal course. Goes at a pace extremely usable for someone who has never learned a programming language. The fact that the course is written for Python 2.7 instead of 3.0 makes it slightly outdated, but it is an easy fix once you get the hang of the syntax differences between the iterations."
"Wonderful training, really well put together by Dr. Chuck. His didactis is unbelievable! It makes learning not only much easier but really enjoyable! I´ll carry on into the learning track and I´m really thankful to Coursera and Dr. Chuck for this great opportunity! Cheers from Rio/Brazil. Gerlan Cidade"
"Programming makes sense to me now.The course material is well thought out and progresses in a way that allows for full understanding of how the language works.  I have tried learning Python, C++, and Java from other sources; this is the first time I feel I have been successful.  I want't to learn more!"
I loved this course. The instructor was so good at explaining concepts. I grasped everything immediately. The discussion forum was helpful when i got stuck at doing assignments. The overall experience was very nice. I would like to continue and gain a specialization in this course.Thank you very much!
This is my first course in coursera. I never expect the teaching would be these much good. Thanks to the teacher. He's just mind blowingly fantasic. Also this is the best couse to startup with programming. Thank you coursera for such opportunity to learn such things. And also Thanks to the instructor.
"The course was very well structured. I've coded in several other languages but I think even a beginner would benefit and learn from this course. If I've any issues it's just the final assignment is an almost a sudden exponential level of difficulty compared to the previous ones, but I'd be nitpicking."
"I had a small experience of coding before this course, but found the structure very intuitive and the instructions clear. Prior to the course I didn't even know how (or where) to enter code on my Mac, I'm now able to write some simple code to execute a range of instructions. Really interesting course.  "
"Easy to follow, and I have no experience with coding whatsoever! Got rid of my fear of programming and looking forward to continue with the next courses. The lectures are perfectly paced and Dr. Severance is a briliant teacher. Also thanks for the staff who helped me when I got stuck in one of the ass"
"I've taken a few introductory programming courses from different providers but i think this is the best one so far for people who are starting off. It lives up to the title ""Programming for Everybody"". Prof Severance makes it fun which I think is important in the beginning because programming is hard!"
  The instructor is awesome and the designing of course is fabulous and super easy to understand. I found this course great. I will suggest who want to learn Python Must must take this Course. It will help you lot and clear all your basics.I refer all my beloved friends and juniors to take this course.
"thank to the team for giving the very good lectures and assignments.
i learn so many things and thanks to the dr. chunk
this is very understandable by every one without prior knowledge.
i will be continuously leaning the python programming ....
i attend the further lectures also.
thank you very much.
"
Great course for beginners and enthusiasts who want to learn programming skills.The course is very easy to follow for those who have prior knowledge in programming.Dr Chuck has delivered the content very well.The lectures are interesting and also keeps the viewers engaged by cracking jokes sometimes.
"Very nicely designed course. I completed this course in a single day as I just want to review the concepts once but I can assure you that if you are a beginner, this course will definitely help you develop an interest in the programming. The energetic instructor made this course very enjoyable.Thanks "
"I loved this course so much! I learnt a great deal, and I was so excited about the content that I could not wait for the next video/assignment/reading. The concepts were well explained, the course material is great and I like the instructor. It definitely lived up to its name of Python for Everybody."
This is by far one of the easiest courses on Python for absolute beginners. The instructor starts from absolute scratch and build using basic examples and detailed explanations. I thoroughly enjoyed the course and hope to gain more and more understanding and practice on Python in this Specialization.
"  I am highly impressed by the Chuck's teaching methods. I was hesitant in the beginning since this is a programming language, but I was surprised how smoothly I am able to understand the concepts taught by him (I refer to the videos as well as the online book).Thank you so much Chuck, you are amazing!  "
"The professor who teaches this course is extremely helpful, patient, and as a bonus is a total goofball. This made the course not only useful but also very enjoyable. I looked forward to doing the exercises each week, and I felt prepared to tackle them. I would highly recommend this course to anyone."
"Ce cours est vraiment utile et d'une haute qualité, Je remercie profondément les professeurs pour leur patience et compréhension ainsi que leurs efforts fournis dans le but de diffamer la culture de l'apprentissage en ligne outre que la formation des jeunes et des ambitieux des quatre coins du monde "
"I was an amazing course. This course is so beginner friendly and enjoyable. The instructor taught all the topics with detail. This course goes perfectly, so fast or slow. Specially the quiz and assignments helped me a lot to learn python. As well as now I'm ready to enter the awesome world of Python"
The course is really engaging and ensures that all its learners understand all the minor details of programming. Mr. Charles Severance has done an excellent job in teaching and explaining concepts to learners that even people from non-programming background will be able to grasp the concepts. Kudos!
This is perhaps the best online course I have taken so far.  The course is paced optimally for beginners and the assignments are designed to help students practice and demonstrate what they have learned. I would prefer to have more assignments.  Dr. Chuck is systematic and clear in his explanations.
"If you have some programming under your belt, you should still take a moment to work through this first course. It will show you many of the intricate differences between Python and other languages you may know. Very well organized and even the textbook is a nice read! That's huge for a coding book!"
"This is an amazing course for ""beginners"". If you are totally new to programming world then this course is best for you. But if you are familiar with other programming language like C or Java then you may not find this course very useful. Take this course if you are totally new to programming world."
"Step by step approach. Always an element of stretch, but with perseverance you can work out the problems. Thankfully English is my first language, so at least that isn't an additional challenge. I have a greater appreciation for how much code goes into some relatively basic functions I use on my PC."
"This course is a good start for people who knows a programming language, but also wants to learn Python as well. It really helped me learning the basic operations and necessary syntaxes I need to know. Hence, this course also reveals the unique features of Python that many languages don't possesse."
"Because I think that Coursera is a great platform that provides us outstanding courses and its is the best way to learn through coursera to work in a workplace in future,I think Coursera is the best option for all the learners and there is brilliant instructors / teachers in it.
Thank you Coursera.
"
"It is a didactic starting course for everybody. Some basics are being explained here, but if you already have experience as a Software Engineer and have used Python to some extent, you can just go to the grades and start completing the assignments, for me it took me less than two hours to complete."
"Many thanks to Professor Severance for this course.Despite the fact that the course, I think, was too easy for me, I learned some new key points in programming. Professor Severance explains the basics of programming so easily for understanding that even a foreign student will get a lot of pleasure."
"This is my first experience with Coursera. I am so overwhelmed with this system, that as soon as I am done with this course, I'll go for next. Speaking of this course, I had an amazing experience with beginners course of Python. It made me confident, and gave me courage to purse more in this field."
"This course is very interesting and appealing. I love the teaching style of Dr. Charles. As a woman, it is even easy for me to learn programming. I think learning Python on Coursera is a once-in-a-life experience for me. I have already introduced the course to many of my friends and family members."
Great course for beginners!! Professor Charles is a great teacher as he explains everything in a lucid way and even clear misconceptions in the mind of novice programmers. It helped me to build my fundamentals in a very organized way . Must to take for anyone beginning to learn python from scratch.
"I thought this course was excellent. I had a little experience with Python from another Coursera course, and this helped to clarify and solidify the basics. It seems well-designed for beginners although absolute beginners with little experience in STEM may have to work hard and use other resources."
The pace is perfect for beginners. I've done a fair amount of programming in the past but I definitely appreciate how the tutor goes through the material patiently. The assignments were fairly easy for me due to my background but I thought they were challenging enough for any first-time programmers
"Completely new to programming.  This course was easy to understand, but seems to provide complete information to write complex programs if desired.  The presentation is concise, so not overwhelmed with unnecessary information or overly long explanations.  The professor is engaging for the lectures."
As an introductory course it offers a lot if you are aspiring to START learning about Python or programming in general. The workload is light but you learn enough and I'd recommend to advance to the course in the series to continue applying what you learned and to expand that knowledge more deeply.
"Really enjoyed your way of teaching Dr. Chuck! Although I'm familiar with Python, I'm taking this specialization to strengthen my basics and become more proficient in Python with the help of some guidance from an expert. And what more do you want if you can have your guide be like a friend too! :D"
Mr. Chuck is the best tutor I ever met online or f 2 f. I am much comfortable studying online initially until my basics are strong. I'll would surely like to meat Mr. Chuck so that I and move ahead with this journey with better motivation and better base as well.Thank you once again.... Mr. Chuck. 
"Really I am so happy with this course, this is the first course I feel comfortable to solve my assignment and also feel excited how fast I submit my assignment. This is the first course that overcomes the fear of my programming language. Especially thanks to our Instructor and I am so glad to him.
"
thank you so much to give this opportunity.i am learning lots of thing about this course.now i write python code and solve some small problem. it is also helpful in my future life.it also help my job section.i am happy to complete the course.i am excited to do the next half of the course.thank you 
"It is a great course! I have never had experience with Python before this course, but the professor was awesome at walking through the lectures in a very understandable manner for a beginner like me. Would highly recommend this course to others looking to get an overview on programming in general!"
"  This course is really really great!! Dr. Chuck 's lectures are very clear and easy to learn. I have never programmed before, so I was a little nervous about taking this class. Fortunately, this course is so great that I can totally understand what Dr. Chuck wanted to teach us. Highly recommended!!  "
This course is very easy to follow. The assignments align with the content of the lecture very well. Mentors response to my questions on the discussion forum within 30 minutes. I would recommend it to another student who would like to learn python or any other programming language to use coursera.
I loved the teaching style of Professor Charles Severance!  He did a great job of keeping it engaging while disseminating important basic concepts in programming while focussing on Python specific syntax and best practices in Python.  I'll certainly take more courses taught by Professor Severance. 
"very Clear Explanation of concept with very very good examples, it's a great starting for me into PYTHON with this type of boosting by Charles Severance pushed me with more enthusiastic in learning. Because of that interest only I'm able to speed up my learning. Once again a Great Thankful to you."
"The course is very helpful.It provides me with abundant resource including e-book,teacher's note for lecture and past students' note for the course.Most importantly,the mentors in the discussion forum are really nice.They always solved problems I proposed in time,which makes me feel so encouraged."
Great course for beginners just like me! Prof Severance is explaining very clearly and slowly enough to get into the matter. The book is very good as well. I find the assignments complex enough with the relevant level of difficulty for each week. Definitely am recommending it to all of my friends! 
"Well organized contents. Great for Python beginners with some experiences of other programming language (like R). The only pity is that some of the functions (like the ""raw-input"", ""print"", etc.) are not compatible with the latest versions of Python, so you have to check it out online by yourself."
"This course is the Best thing that can happen to anyone who wants to not just learn, but to understand the way in which a computer works. I am very thankful to Coursera, University of Michigan and Prof. Charles Severance for making this course available to everyone. It cant really get any better:) "
"it was an amazing journey learning it. Especially the way the tutor simplified it so wonderfully that has changed my mindset that ""Python is HARD!"" This course is literally for everyone and anyone can learn Python from this and trust me if you are a beginner, I was below it! But, now, I enjoy it."
"Really appreciated Dr Severance's  efforts in making programme for everybody or else I wouldn't have the courage to take such a course.  It's good to learn some basic concepts on the programming language and most important of all, the key ideas and concepts behind programming.  Thank you so much.  "
"It is good to learn different languages and we are programmers different languages can make our work easy. Coursera learned me to be best, They taught me like they were in front of me and with me.I suggest everyone who wants to learn different languages then checkout Coursera for better learning."
Very Helpful and what an amazing teacher! Wishing my university had teachers like him! Absolutely amazing. This course is great for very beginners who don't know anything about coding or how computers and codes work but it's also pretty great who know about it but might wanna brush off once more. 
"Unlike any other programming tutorial , this one keeps you engaging in course perfectly.The way Dr.Charles teaches is fascinating. I had a different approach to the basics then one i learned during college education.Don't worry if you are beginner, it's right course for you as name of course says"
"Being from Civil Engineering background, I had very less programming knowledge. The way Sir explained the course was excellent and his way of teaching was so lucid that I could grasp all his concepts and could pass all MCQ tests with ease. I thank him from the core of my heart for his dedication."
Great online course! Thank you very very much for the course! It's well organized. Charles explains everything in details. It's actually hard to get lost during the class. This course helps me lay down a strong programming foundation. It makes me not to scare programming anymore. Thank you again.
"Fantastic introductory course for programming  beginners! Dr.Chuck's videos are easy to understand, with the aid of the textbook,this is an amazing journey through Python so far! Course one is kinda straightforward, but I believe things are definitely gonna be more fun in the next couple courses! "
"really useful to get hand on python. the examples are great! highly recommend to install the python editor, so that while you are watching the course video, you can play the codes from slides on your own computer. That way, you can get the best out of it! Enjoy learning python, fellow classmates!"
good course and great instructor by the way he simple enough but for how have  a programming background little bitbut i encourage everybody to enroll in this course to understand how to get programming classes and it is very important skill for how's intended to teach him self programming at home 
"From a beginner in all computer programming software, I am absolutely thrilled having started to learn Python. The course material was manageable in terms of time, the professor's videos were clear and the exercises were very helpful. I look forward to starting the next course and getting better. "
"Very good course for beginners in Python. The instructor gives solid explanations in each of the chapters and it is very easy to follow. Activities are well suited for entry level developers, challenging you to think a little but not to overwhelm you. Excellent to get a solid grasp on the basics. "
"it was a very good and simplified course, explained in simple english with realtime examples helped to acquire the knowledge quickly. Practise is key which i am trying from internet but if you do have practise material for this course, please send me. i will try all the codes.Dr. Chuck, you rock."
"Perhaps not the most appropriate for people with some coding experience but I really wish my first programming classes were half as good as Professor Severance's classes. I strongly recommend them if you are beginner, and even if you're not, they are most fun and allow you to slowly learn Python."
Really liked the course. Prof. Severance explains the concepts in a very engaging way and gives great examples. The assignments were interesting and the tool was easy to use. I enjoyed the bonus examples and interviews as well.  I have a good overview of Python now. Thank you for a great course!
"I enjoyed the style of the instructor, he had a good sense of humor and the videos were just the right length. I found the pace to be good. Some worked examples gave too much away I felt, but I guess you don't want people struggling. Great foundation for more Python to come (I hope!). Thank you."
The course is designed in a proper manner to make it an easy one for the learners. You surely won't feel bored and want to finish the course and learn more. The instructor was a pretty good one and presented all the topics in the easiest way possible by also doing fun and never making you bored.
Its a very nice course. It starts from very basic programming concepts and introduces one to the world of Python Programming step by step. I would highly recommend this course to anybody who wants to learn Python. This is a very easy course and you won't find it difficult if you study regularly.
"Dr. Charles is really a good teacher, he is patient and humor in class. This indeed reduce all the worry for mastering new program language. I'm approaching to 40 years old, want to open a new career path starting by python. Very glad to study here in this big Coursera family. - From Molly Jiang  "
This is an amazing course for all the beginners who want to learn python programming. The focus of this course is how to make anyone comfortable with programming language. Thanks  to Dr. chuck and the Coursera team for providing such an important course to students. Keep shining Team coursera...
"I started learning python3.x on my own before I found Coursera. This first section was pretty basic. But! By the end of the section I feel like I am thinking differently and understanding better than I used to. Like Snape said, there are things you will learn about the way you approach problems."
It was my first online course experience and absolutely  great one. The course material was really well-organized and even the ones with no or unrelated background could follow up. The  tutor was explaining thoroughly the course material in detail in a exiting way and you don't get bored at all. 
"I completed this course, spending 4 hours a week on it and found the course difficulty to be medium. This course was helpful for me to gain interest in python and coding too. This course is giving a deep knowledge about how to work with python and coding in the world of IT. I loved this course."
This is a gem of course. Coming from a little bit of coding background it is not a big deal to understand the stuff. But when your younger sibling with not much background can grasp the concept you know you have chosen the right course. Instructor explains all in simplest way in engaging manner
"Outstanding course presented and taught in an easy to understand, self-paced, visual learning manner.  Excellent exercises which reinforce the section topics.  Very non-intimidating course.  Great being able to interact with others via forums and to both ask for help and provide help as needed."
"I had a great experience while learning this course and Professor Charles R. Severance is a great teacher. I do appreciate his way of teaching, his notes, his narration about a perticular topic. I believe he is one among the best teachers anybody can have in there life to learn from. Thank you."
I would like to thank Charles Sir for his extraordinary efforts put in to teach us the basic python. I'm so glad that i'm able to write the code on my own now.  I'm quite efficient enough to fix the wrong code. Thanks again Sir. Would like to learn and explore more courses with u in future. :-)
"This course is really awesome, it really helped me to clarify my doubts related to various topics and i would like to recommend it to everyone who are looking for the beginner course in python. And i would really like to thank you Charles Severance sir, the way he taught everything was amazing."
"really great course for getting into programming and python in general.I'm happy that I decided to take it with the specialization offered by University of Michigan at Coursera because Charles Severance - the professor and instructor of the course - has a great teaching style.Kind regards,Sunny"
"Thanks to Prof. Charles Severance.  His approach on teaching makes things easier to understand, and he helped me gain a better way of seeing the code, and think right.  I am so encouraged to learn more and gain solid skills with following series of this course.Thanks,All the best,Selcuk Ozmumcu "
"I really like this course and i learned the basics of python programming which  makes me understood the classes ,inheritance and data structures in python .i will likes to thanks DR. Charles Severance , my instructor of the course making me understood the basics and special thanks to COURSERA.  "
Great course for absolute beginners with zero knowledge on any kind of computer programming languages. The Lectures are explained well and made more understandable by providing real-life examples. The course is also included with special tools to learn practically from what taught in lectures.
"it was quite tough as I am not really good at math, but the professor was good so it was really helpful to get through all the obstacles. I think it's still hard to write a code but I can understand a python. it's good for the people who wants to know what is python and how to handle the code."
"I really enjoyed this course.  I'm new to programming, so the video tutorials were a big help! I feel as though if I were in a class environment, I would struggle since you're unable to rewind in-person lectures :).I'm looking forward to further developing my knowledge in computer engineering! "
"Great into course:  The material presented in the lecture videos, combined with the quizzes, and hands-on interaction using your code with the auto-grader really make you think for yourself, reinforcing the concepts, so that you learn and retain the material as you progress through the course."
"fantastic, absolutely brilliant from Charles n Coursera. Good stuff  and great learning experience for me as well. All the assignments and explanatory programmes are convincing and the best course for learning and getting started with python.Thank u Coursera. Life becomes easier with coursera."
The course is a great course for beginners. I had no pre-knowledge of Python at all. The only thing you need to do is to follow the instruction of Dr. Severance. Then you will be able to complete the test and homework without any difficulties. I I think I will keep going through all 5 classes.
"Python is the best way to start how to understand programming is all about.Now, I can almost write any program through the basis of my knowledge gained from completing my ""Programming for Everybody"" -  (Getting Started with Python).Thanks to Charles Severance who is the Best Python instructor."
"I really love this course. It is more relevant and accurate to the learner. Every notes and pdfs are very easy to access and the lecturing videos and syllabus are made easy to the user especially for beginners and I want to continue to learn in ""The coursera"" bcoz I am learning concepts here."
  The course is fantastic for anyone who wants to learn python. It is focused on beginners and maybe intermediate programmers but I believe anyone can gain something from taking this course. It was simple and easy to understand and helped me understand the python syntax and help me code better.  
"It was very elaborate and helpful. Some tasks are a bit complicated but if you try enough times with persistence , you will succeed. When the code doesn't run even after multiple attempts; take a break, have some fresh air and try again. The feeling is amazing when you run the code perfectly."
"No prior experience in any programming language. Chuck made me taste Python like one of fav daily dish. Chuck, you are a great teacher. If you havent done any coding and you want to learn Python as your first language, this cource is for you. Thanks chuck for what you are doing to this world."
"As someone whom has taken programming classes while in university, I found that this class is the most intuitive introduction to programming concepts I have come across thus far. A great refresher for those of us who have not programmed in a while, and an excellent introduction for newcomers. "
"The course was quite good. I must mention Dr.Charles, or Chuck as we know him, for his excellent teaching skills. He made the video lectures quite fun. His bonus content was quite informative to watch too. Definitely go for it if you are interested in taking a plunge into the world of Python."
"It was really great. The explanations were clear, the teaching style was refreshing. It really didnt put too much emphasis on assignments, which was great because it felt less like highschool and more like uni. I would recommend it to everyone who is starting with Python or coding in general. "
"-Very clear and comprehensive course videos, and those screenshots and videos of specifically how to run those codes are very helpful.-The professor's way of teaching is humor and easy-understanding.-Very basic and fundamental materials for start-up Python learners, so, extremely recommended!"
If you want to learn programming and you are afraid that will be so difficult this course will guides you step by step and teaches you from how program works and how it is executed inside computer to write your first programming line and you will be so amazed when you see your big programs !!
Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python) helped me familiarize with basics of python in less than 8 hours( I have a programming background). The interactive interface along with course materials kept me involved throughout and it was over before i knew it. Dr. Chuck is awesome. 
Excellent course to start learning Python or refresh already learned programming concepts. It is well structured and Dr. Severance keeps the course interesting and the student motivated. Will definitely recommend this course to other people and will continue using COURSERA as a learning tool.
"This course is definitely designed for someone new to programming and python. I came from a background of programming already, but wanted to know more about Python.  I think the lecture material and the way it was presented was great, and I feel like this course would benefit new programmers."
I cant believe that i just made a simple program by myself Dr Chunk is Great! and of course a big thanks to  The Coursera platform which opened a way for us to learn mostly for the people like me who has willing to learn but cant afford the course fees.I have no more words to express...Thanks
"It has been 20 years since I lost touch with programming. I was afraid i would never be able to face the comeback....you know, it was a totally different era....and I thought I could never catch up ever. But  you just got me to falling head over heels in love with programming again.Thank you"
  it was very good and informative course. I learn a lot of things in this course and I get interested in computer science and analysis. I think programming is really beautiful cause it is base on some very fundamental logics and when you thing vividly through these logics you see beauty of it  
"I am grateful I took this course. I really thank Charles. The videos are clear and entertaining. The examples are simple and this is particularly important if you are just starting. Otherwise, you may get desperate and disappointed. I can only recommend you take it. You will really enjoy it!"
"Just amazing start with Python! Learnt not just the syntax and semantics of language but the very essence of why we code and how it should start.  Looking forward to next courses and understand more concepts.Thanks a lot Team at University of Michigan, Coursera and the very special Dr. Chuk!"
"It was very well detailed and beginner friendly course.Professor Charles Russell Severance didn't assume the student was experienced in coding and created a fun environment and also introduced the python world which was inspiring.If you want to learn about Python i would highly recommend it.
"
"Great foundation to build from if you are new to python. I'm an experienced R user and python is very different than R from a syntax and execution standpoint. This course was very helpful as a ""level-setting"" for me to focus myself within python and not approach it as an R user doing python."
"Firstly i want to say about my instructor, he was just awesome. Every topics he tries to teach easily. I think all of the students  can easily take it.I learn many important things by this course.I am so much happy that i complete my course by time.  I want to say thanks    to coursera team. "
"It was Fantastic. Dr. Chuck was great.  Anyone can learn this course even if he/she got no programming background or knowledge. As for myself , i started this course from scratch and the best thing i want to tell , now can i make a python program which can be run and say -"" I love Coursera!"""
"Its very helpful who want study Python Language because Instructor taught from scratch level. Content of the course is very good for the beginner. After completing this course, You will get basic idea about python and  You can Enroll for different Python Courses to deep dive into this.Thanks"
One of the best course available to learn the basics of Python. The course not just teaches the theoretical aspects but also provides us to experiment the knowledge gained by programming the code for the given problem statements. Professor and the mentors help us a lot throughout the course.
"It was really amazing course and I recommend to get start with this course for everybody wanna to get basic knowledge not only in Python but in programing in general.I really enjoy the way of instructor teaching because he makes me feel like every single word is important, so it was great...  "
"One of the best online courses to learn Python. In my humble opinion, “Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python” by Charles Severance, is a fantastic way to learn Python. This online Python course is aiming at beginners. Python is a great and friendly language to use and learn."
Really Good! Professor Chuck is very good at teaching. His lectures have so much fun and every lecture contains exactly enough material that not too much nor too difficult. And it is not too easy that make you feel boring. You need to pay attention and concentrate.  I really like the course. 
"Great course. Very basic. But well taught and clearly explained concepts. If you are already familiar with programming concepts take a more advanced course. But for anyone needing a boost in confidence, or to pick up programming without feeling intimidated this is a very good course to take. "
A fantastic instructor. The course delivers what it says...programming for **everybody** and **getting started** with Python. I liked the gradual way in which topics and concepts were introduced. The exercises were challenging enough to keep me interested and easy enough to solve in the end.  
The course is excellent.  It is very well presented to beginners like me and although the homeworks look easy sometimes they are tricky and invite you to make an effort to completely understand  your code. Congratulations to the Proferssor  and  the  Staff for these great job. Thanks a lot. 
  This was one of the best learning experience I've ever had. Never knew online learning was this much fun. Ass. Prof Charles made learning so much enjoyable. The explanation was pretty simple and to the point. As promised by Ass. Prof. Charles anyone can learn this regardless of his faculty.  
"As a beginner in programming, i felt this course very entertaining. All the assignments were so good. Also i was able to understand each and every material. I suggest everyone to go through this course as you'll be able to say to someone ""yes i know. instead of saying i have heard about it"""
I had never taken a programming course earlier. This is my first class programming class. And actually it is a very good and well organized course for a beginner. I had a lot of fun along learning new things. I highly recommend this course for anybody who want to start learning programming.
The video lectures are excellent for somebody with limited programming experience to understand the basics easily. The short videos followed by the exercises keep you motivated you to keep going. Thank you for making the learning process exciting. Looking forward to the subsequent Chapters. 
"An amazing course for beginners in programing. If you want to get more understanding regarding software programming that is definitely it.The course is too easy for someone who has programming background, not a minus to course at all, just some information to be considered before taking it. "
"It is excellent, don't forget to take your time, and to read the free textbook. I flew through the weeks and completely forgot about the textbook which would have really reinforced my learning and committed it to my memory, hoping I can remember everything for the next portion of the course"
"It was great learning experience. Prof Severance is a fantastic teacher, though it's an online class I always felt I was getting an in class experiece. His way of teaching is very engaging and one doesn't feel like skipping a minute of the class also , if someone is eve aware of the basics."
"This course is amazing. I didn't study any knowledge of programming before I Join the course. Now, I think I have not only the basic programming knowledge of python but clear logic  . I pretty appreciate DR.Severance that he is such a great professor to teach me a lot programming knowledge. "
"The course ""Programming for Everybody [ with Python ]"" is a very good initial start up course who want to learn python from the beginning. After i have completed this course, i have got a level of confidence to program in python and the 5 week dedication has helped me to become much better."
"Dr. Chuck is deeply inspiring in the way he makes this course so much more than just some information you could find in a book or internet forum. It's noticeable how he cares for  keeping students interested, motivated and how not only he wants us to learn python, but to learn how to learn."
This course is highly recommended for python beginners . The basic concepts are taught in such a way that you can directly implement after completing the videos .  Problems solving from this course will definitely helped me to gain confidence is python. Wonderful experience with Dr. Chuck.
I love this course.And many many thanks to our instructor Dr. Charles Severance who made this course very engaging and explained every concept in very beautiful and simple way that a begginer can understand in the first time. I think the one who want to learn python must visit this course. 
This course is helpful for me to have a basic understanding of Python algorithms and syntax. The instructor did a great job explaining the programming concepts. The professor made the concepts easy to understand and absorb. The course also makes me interested in learning more about Python. 
I've taken programming courses in my undergrad and not really ever been very good at it. This course started off assuming you knew nothing about programming (accurate) and built it up in a very logical and accessible way! I now feel confident I could tackle more complex scripts for my job. 
"The course is really good for beginner -which I'm- I found it to be enjoyable, easy and well delivery. Furthermore it takes you from nothing to a understanding that while basic is deep enough as to allow you to start diving in the Python programming world, it's encouraging and stress free."
"So far the best introduction into programming / Python course. The mentor has a really good sense of humor, empathy and exceptional teaching skills. Usually, when taking online classes, I had a feeling of being abandoned at certain point; luckily, this class is a great exception.Thank you. "
"Although I already had a BS in Computer Science, most of my exprience with Python was hands on supplemented with some Stack Overflow and Google. This course gave an excellent overview of important programming concepts and Python. I highly recommend this to anyone interested in programming."
"Very good course, especially for those, who want to start programming and know nothing about it. Dr Chuck is an excellent educator, really engaging with a great sense of humour, so if you're a newbie and interested in learning about Python, surely you won't fall asleep during his lectures."
"I never thought I'd enjoy learning how to program! Dr Chuck is engaging and funny in delivering the material. I've done several MOOCs, and Getting Started with Python is by far the most interesting. It has been 7 weeks well spent and I highly recommend it. Onto Python Data Structures next!"
It was too easy for me as I have studied some languages in universities but it is great for those who have no programming background. I have just completed the first course in this specialization and would update the review when I hopefully complete the remaining 4 courses. Happy Learning
I have never seen such a clear and seemingly easy explanation of aprogramming language which is step by step and forces you to brain storm yourself to work on problems and build a skill to work and build our own programs. One of the best starts a student would want towards learning Python
"Proper explanation, great examples, best materials. I love the way Charles explains everything. It's really easy for beginners to understand python. Happy to be a student of Charles's online class. I wish very best of luck for his tremendous job and I'm eagerly waiting for the next class."
I loved this course.Especially I am your big fan by joining this course in CourseraI decided to complete all your courses.I enjoyed a lot. Right now I completed 2 of your courses in order I hope and the next I can complete with a lot of joy and fun.I am so vicarious of your bonus classes.
"I was really having a difficulty in learning python, but DR.Chuck and coursera helped a lot! And I am really thankful to Coursera as they helped a lot with financial aid too! As I will finish the course I will definitely get all the benefits of this course.Thank you coursera and Dr.Chuck."
"No words to say, thank you Mr.Chuk because of you my work on bioinformatics completed earlier than I was imagined. Thank you coursera for providing this opportunity. The idea of this course will be helpful even for biologists like me without having no prior knowledge of computer languages  "
"Loved this first course and definitely going to keep it going. Dr. Chuck is awesome its not just the hype. If you're interested in learning python or learning programing but, not sure where to start, this class shed light on some question I was pondering and some that I didn't know I had."
"This is a very good course! I learned a lot in a short time, and the assignments were effective in reinforcing the material. I highly recommend this course to anyone who has a history of programming, but hasn't been doing it for a while. I am learning Python very quickly through Coursera!"
I really enjoyed this course. Charles has a great personality and the course content is relevant to the assignment tasks. The additional resources (textbook) and review of discussion forum conversations were helpful in being able to work out the solutions for myself with the graded tasks.
This is a great start to Python. I tried learn using the python manuals and i was able to understand the concepts but i got difficulties when i try to create a program. But after taking this course it helped me in how to start and put things one by one. Absolutely greatly designed course.  
"A great introduction to programming using the Python programming language. Dr. Charles Severance has clear explanations, useful examples, a down-to-earth attitude and a cheerful disposition, which all fuse to make an amazing learning experience. Thank you so much for your time and effort!"
"This course is a very perfect course for someone who want to start his programming life. As a rookie in computer science, I feel very gainful in this course, I will recommend to my friends this course and finally hope teachers here and students who study together with me have a happy day!"
I've struggled mightily in the past with attempts at learning a programming language from the ground up. Dr. Severance really did a fantastic job with his lectures.  The pace is just right for someone who doesn't just start off as a natural.  Looking forward to the next course! Thank you!
"The content is awesome and with a great lecturer like Mr. Charles, the course is extraordinary. the university is gifted to have a lecturer like him and its a pleasure to be one of his students. Thanks a lot sir and thank you Coursera for helping out students during these lockdown times. "
This course is amazing! It is so fun to start learning a programming language that focuses on implementation rather than syntax. This course is made fun by the Instructor Dr. Charles Severance who uses simple language and effective demonstrations to guide us through the course. Loved it! 
"Coming from a long break after C++, this was really amazing and informative. The professor does not push information into your face, he explains everything, I mean everything, even how the computer processes your program. I truly recommend this course to anyone living in the 20th century"
"My major concern before starting this was could I keep up with the workload while working a full time job. The combination of community forums in addition to lectures that allow you to pause, and take notes makes it very easy to keep up! I enjoyed the lecturer and courses use of modules. "
"Charles Severance teaches the python language from the scratch. He teaches in a comfortable zone and more over he find how to travel the same in the future sessions too. the bridge between each lesson is built perfectly, such that the student can able to get the continuity of the course."
its awesome course .this is my first online course and i had a great experience its fun learning this course and its a new way i had learned its a better way to learn anything anywhere anytime .thank you so much from the bottom of my heart for having such a great experience of learning .
It was a really cool class. The instructor taught very well. The language was easy to understand and it felt like a real classroom. The exercises were helpful and gave me an introductory level heads up in Python. I would love to complete the next 4 courses in this specialization as well.
"It completely took away my fear of online courses. The learning and assignments are smooth and well done. The teacher is great and knows how to approach the material so anyone can learn. The only negative is week two always shows incomplete. I wanted it to be all green, but GREAT course."
"This course was amazing!  The professor does an excellent job of presenting the material and the mentors are very helpful. Also the course has many useful resources:  video series, ibook text, practice questions, forum , and help center.  I am looking forward to taking the next course!!!"
"I had some experience with programming from 25 years ago, but I think that the videos, the book chapters, and the mentors that supported the discussions were all fantastic. I would highly recommend the class, and I would highly recommend Coursera in general. Thank you for the opportunity"
"I have taken a handful of programming classes through my university. This one beats them all. Dr. Chuck explains complex concepts in simple terms that even I, a CS student turned Business student, can understand how to communicate with a computer. All I have to say is: thanks, Dr. Chuck!"
"I loved this class! It was challenging but didn't take over my life (I have a full time job), and I think I got a good handle on the basics. The professor is really entertaining and is great at teaching. I definitely recommend this to someone trying to get an introduction to programming."
"This is the perfect course for someone who has never coded anything before. As someone who was already coming from a CS background even, I found it extremely helpful how the teacher takes their time to explain the most basic concepts so that a student may not be confused between syntax."
"A well-curated course, eloquently designed to effectively teach anyone, it is particularly easy to grasp especially among students who have not had any experiencing programming before applying for the course. All of the materials provided for the course are relevant and extremely useful"
"Very helpful if you just start to learn programming. Dr.chuck is good teacher and lectures are interesting. You will lost in assignments a bit but after you read text book, do exercises from textbook and give some time, it will pass easily. Overall i am quite satisfied with this course."
This course has really created an interest in programming! Its learning process is fun throughout the completion of the course. I  am extremely thankful to Charles severance sir for making it look so easy for the learner irrespective of the background that the learner is coming from. :)
"The courses are easy to understand and build up my knowledge in python gradually! It also comes with projects to practice. The practice video provides guidance and was helpful too. If one thing to improve,  it could be better if Dr.Chuck gives more affirmations at the end of the course."
"  Python is very beginner friendly. Its conciseness, expressiveness and likeliness to English contributes to its choice for rookies. Its readability complements this and also it is an interpreted language. Just have a look at this Python Syntaxtutorial and see it is to be a python person.  "
"Great introduction that got me back into Python programming. I had previously learned to use Python in architecture school, but it had been too long for me to remember much. I'm glad I found this wonderful resource. You're a talented teacher, and I can't wait to take your other courses!"
"Instructor is very good. If you've got any experience in programming, going through the first class can be a bit tedious, but I found I was able to complete it very quickly with the C++ and Python I knew going into the class and was able to complete the class in a matter of a few hours."
Professor Severance is pretty good at explaining the concept and his lectures were not only clear but fun! He also makes some jokes and lists some examples to help us understand the concept. I feel like I've learned a lot about python and get a good start at learning computer languages!
It's designed keeping Newbies in mind. It takes us through all the possibilities of Python in such a manner that even a person who has never coded before can start coding immediately. It's a must have for all Programming enthusiasts. One of the best courses for MOOC. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
"This is the best Online course i have ever had in my life.The session feel more alive and learning is really so fun and all the credits goes to Charles Severance, Associate Professor .I would like to THANK him for the best course and purely suggest everyone who are interested  in Python"
"Very nice course to learn pythonIt starts from the very beginning and offers a very step by step approach. I had started to learn alone (with books) and i was afraid the course would be for beginners with none experience only, but i will recommend it anyway for ""false beginners""thanks !"
"I love this course, professor is so amazing, since I have enrolled in this course, my day doesn't end without taking a lecture (which is not easy after work). After DASI (Data Analysis & Statistical Inference) course from Duke University, I have found this the best course. Thumbs up !!!"
"This is an excellent introduction for beginners and there are good explanations by the instructor. I just wish there were more problems or assignments provided for practice. Overall, I recommend this course to anyone with no programming background looking to take a step into that world. "
the tutor is really amazing.he never at a moment made me realize that i am learning one of the toughest thing once i thought.it was really an amazing course i have atttended.thank you for making me realize that computer languages and programming is not that much difficult as i thought.
"This is an amazing course. Although I am a beginner in programming, and I enjoyed every single video of the course. Homework sometimes could get difficult, but everybody could overcome these difficulties; however, the satisfaction of running a program made by yourself is indescribable. "
One of the best online courses I have ever taken. Very easy and descriptive enough to start and finish as a beginner.  The exercises are quite engaging and lets the students do all the brain-storming and also helps the students with the solved answers if needed for the initial lessons.
Oh my god. The professor is the coolest professor on earth. He can connect with students very easily.The course was full of learning with fun. Really helps me a lot. Thanks to Coursera for offering such an wonderful course. This course gives me a jump start  to programming with python. 
"I have been trying to upskill for sometime now.  Charles is such an awesome instructor, he made learning Python( still in early stages though, but it got me engaged)  like a cake walk. I loved the way he explained things. Looking forward to go deeper and learn Python to gain expertise. "
I strongly recommend this course to those peoples who want start with python programming. Because it is starting from very basics. And the way of teaching of Dr. Chuk is awesome. I have cleared all my basics of python programming from this course. Thanks for reading ! Have a nice day !  
An excellent course which explains the basics of Python in the best way possible. Thanks to Dr. Charles Severance. Overall gave a very good idea about the python programming language. Thanks to University of Michigan for introducing a course like this with the support of Dr. Severance.                                        
"Even though I knew I could count on the teaching staff to get help, Charles Severance is so clear and thorough that I did not even need that help. Sure, I got stuck on one exercise. Sure, my friend pasted my code and successfully run it without making any changes. Life sucks sometimes."
I loved coursera bu this platform i can learn python basic and in future i expand this course.The tutor of the python everybody is good and easy explanation and easy understanding.finally i want to tell thanks for all employe who is work for the coursera thaks a lot thak you very much. 
"Fantastic course!  It suited for absolute beginners and programming newbies. All concepts are clearly explained, jargon is minimal and defined before being used and practice questions and assignments are a great way to put theory to practice. Overall, a brilliant and well-paced course. "
"Great course, and great instructions, videos and exercies too.For those that want a bit more training than the quizzes and assignments in the actual course, a wonderful book is available, with great presentation and useful exercises.Great job. I'm signing up for the next one right now."
"Professor Charles Severance makes learning the basics of python a very interactive and smooth experience, i had no issues at all while doing the assignments in the course because of how he had explained everything step by step and i could go back to his lessons and correct my mistakes."
"This is my first online course outside of the ones that my company has generated. It has been more enjoyable than i expected. I am very please with the format and content so am looking forward to the course.It did get more challenging as I got closure to the end, but that a good thing. "
"I am a real fan of this MOOC and this is why.I followed many MOOC and always had the impression the people were reading some sort of script. here I have the impression the presenter is talking to me, in my language and in a comprehensible language. Please carry on and high five to you!"
"Alhumdulilah It was Very best and easy to Understand Course for Almost beginner anyone who have no idea about Programming then they enroll this course and understand the basics like conditional statements,loop,variable,exception handling etc.Thanks Coursera and University of Michigan."
I have loved this course so far. I had a bit of knowledge of coding Python before but this gave a much more solid basis to move on than doing it alone might have. Dr Chuck is a really good teacher and I would definitely advise taking this course and any others that he may be teaching.
"Thank you very much for this course! I have learnt a lot. It's an excellent course, and I really appreciate Dr. Chuck's efforts and interesting teaching methods which make learning programming easy and fun. Thank you Dr. Chuck and the team behind this course and wish you the best!Amir "
This is really wonderful course whose who want to start their career in Python.That gives me a  lot of knowledge and inspiration to learn a lot in the field of programming and Python.Thank you Mr. Charles Severance  to make me understandable in the course by their teaching techniques.
"Awesomely constructed course for beginning Python programming. As a programmer in C++, I found this course refreshing and helpful in getting into the syntax. Most of the ideas are the same across from Python and C++, so I was able to finish it in 3 days. Overall great course! Go Blue!"
This was a great course but i have one big problem that encountered me Dr Chuck reads the code from power point sheets and even if there was a worked example he is only read the code and run yes he explain it but i need to learn how and why i write this code not just see it and run it 
"The course was well structured, materials and instruction videos were clear and to the point and Prof. Chuk, course instructor was very hands-on with relevant and easy to understand code samples that helped drive home the point on every course. I highly recommend python for everybody."
The pace for every class was a little bit fast for real beginners and the instructor did not explain every details on the slides. Sometimes you need to find definitions and explanations for the content on your own. But overall a great class for beginners if you have time and patience. 
"Great course. Even as a college instructor myself, I found the course entertaining and useful. Even from a pedagogical standpoint, I took away a few tricks, and also learned some of the nuances of Python that are substantially or sometimes just slightly different from other languages."
A good introductory course.  Quite 'easy' but an excellent primer for what comes later.  Giving 5 stars as could run lectures at 1.5 speed / pause at appropriate times.  Most importantly I did not need to conform to the advised weeks and could just do at own pace.  So very convenient.
My first online course that I completed. I dedicate this accomplishment to Dr. Severance. I looks him as Prof. Snip of Harry Potter who teaches us the language of snake. He is one of the best professor I met. Anyone who is new in programming I would recommend this course very likely.
"Very helpful course for people who recently started in the Python and programming world. Thank you very match to Dr Chuck. GREAT teacher. And thank you to Michigan University. I will try to achieve the 5 cours of the specialization.  

Thank you for offering such good quality courses  "
"Very entertaining. Classical way of teaching. I like it very much. And ""Thank You Coursera"" for sponsoring it to me. I would like to learn more if get financial assistance. I hope Coursera will allow me to learn and upgrade my abilities with best of knowledge they had. Thank you ALL. "
"great content ! great teaching style ! I like the way the teaching staff has a flow of contents one after the another.just one feedback, w can increase the number of problems in the assignment which will give us a better grasp of the learned concepts and help us further in the course"
"For someone who never got in contact with programming I think you pass fast by the contente, but you have all you need in here, you just need to pay more attention to the class and do a lot of exercises. For me it was a great review of basics and particularities of python and syntax."
"The best online course I've taken so far!  The instructor does an amazing job of breaking down the basic principles of Python in an easy to understand way!  The forum mentors do a great job if you're stuck as well!  Finally, the course assignments and auto-grade tools were fantastic!"
"This course is pretty well taught. As one may infer from its name, is an introduction to the Python language. The professor gives clear examples for all the key concepts he presentes. I would totally recommend this course for anyone who doesn't have prior expirience with programming."
The course has been designed holistically to allow even a beginner to understand each of the concept slowly and gradually and build upon the skills to write practical codes. I thank University of Michigan and Dr. Severance for providing this course and Coursera for making this happen
"This course is great!!! It's my first time to learn a computing language online, although I've worked in IT industry for 3 years. LOL  I guess today all people need to pick up programme languages and PYTHON is super easy for beginners. Hope to meet Charles in Melbourne in the future!"
"Thank you Dr. Chuck!It was very rewarding to participate in this foundational course. It gave me the confidence in programming which I lacked before entering this course. Short-to-the point, easily understandable, and challenging assignments, this is what I can say about this course. "
I am really happy that I took this course. The professor Charles Severance is an excellent teacher who teaches with such simplicity and positive attitude that we tend to study further. I finished the course 5 week course in less than 5 days because of the interesting pedagogy. Thanks 
"Fantastic course, Well structured and to the point and informative. I didnt know anything about python before this course, now i have a full grasp of how powerful python can be and i have an understanding of the language. Thank you for putting in the time and effort into this course. "
Very great for someone with no programming experience. Could consider making a course specially for people who have programming skills but wish to learn python. So possibly a course on teaching us the syntax and perhaps the frequently used key words or operators but in python syntax.
"i have seen a issue with the code checking thing ,everyone has there own style of writing the code , so when someone writes the code and if the code is using all the concepts asked in the question , logically sounds good and output is produced , he should be awarded with the grade . "
I studied python earlier also but nobody taught it better.I am a poor student from India and i was not having the money to complete the course but i am happy that coursera provided me this course for free.I will keep learning from coursera.Thanks coursera teamRegards Varrnit Jaiswal
Excellent approach to explain concepts...liked the example of the note on dog to explain the reserved word in python and the approach used to explain how the mind works to identify the greatest number by popping up one number at a time on the screen. Had a great learning experience.
"This Course is what you
need if you don’t know nothing about programming, the Dr Severance will take on
the way of the programming in an easy, interesting and entertained way,
besides, at the end of every week are some perfect resources to motivate you to
keep studying and learning. "
"This is great start point to learn programming for everyone who is interested, not necessarily who is good at programing. This is excellent course which help us understand step by step and do the  given work simultaneously.  And special thanks to Dr. Chuck, he is the best educator!."
"I believe this course does well what it intends to be (a class for absolute beginners). Somewhat unfortunately, I am NOT a beginner, but I believe that this class would have been perfect to take when I was a beginner. Further, the instructor is marvelous at teaching an online class."
"Overall, a great introduction for newbys like myself. The lecturer/professor knows what he's doing and that's what important factor is. You just can't rush towards something because you want master, it takes time and needs patience; I am sure Chuck knows all these and hence 5 stars."
"This is one of the finest courses for people who want to get started with python. The resources available here are abundant to review, learn and attempt the assignments . Besides, Dr.chuck(instructor) simplifies the complex concepts in a way that a novice can understand programming. "
This course is a good introductory course for people who wants to learn programming. It provides a simple and easy to catch explanations for basic programming concepts. Also provides a lot of interesting additional videos to easily help people join to the computer science community.
"Course 1 is accessible for most people, even those without any basic Python knowledge. I had been studied social science for almost 6 years but I feel comfortable when I took this course. I would like to thank Dr. Chunk for making this Python course understandable and  acceptable :)"
"I have always attempted to learn Python in bits and pieces, But after opting this course, it was all systematic. Dr. Chuck is so easy and do understand what the student must be thinking. I loved the course and now my confidence level In Python has increased to 1 level. Thanks again."
"It was very interesting and very informative course, and I've really enjoyed studying it. I am very satisfied both with the presented information and manner of its presentation and looking for the continuation of study. Thanks to everyone who are responsible for this beautiful work."
"This course is well-paced and the instructor is engaging. It's clear if you don't have any experience with programming, but not insanely boring if you already do have some. It's also well structured. The order of the weekly topics is logical and leads well from one week to the next. "
"before this class i knew nearly nothing about python and programming. after taking the course i have learned a lot - of course the very basics. the teaching method was great and fun and loved Dr. Severance's teaching method. Dr. Severance, thank you very much for the amazing course "
"I enjoyed the course very much.  One interesting section I observed here is the bonus videos in every week. the office hours chats, interviews of different tech personalities. Recommendation and Provision of book for self detailed study  was just awesome stuff.Really Really Good!!!"
"  The course was an excellent introduction to Python. I had learned Python once 10 years ago, but need to learn it again for graduate school. The concepts were presented in a logical, engaging, and straightforward manner. I was motivated to continue with the course series at the end.  "
An extremely helpful course for programmers with existing knowledge who are just looking to learn the structures in Python. The classes are perfect for beginners too! Everything is taught from the ground up so that people who are completely new to programming can also learn easily.
My Heartily Thanks and Compliments to the Coursera Team and my Teacher Doc. Chuck who invoke me to learn more n more day by day and make me stand from beginner to a Level where I can understand what the Python is. Thank you so much to all and pray for everything best in your lives.
"Great course for those wanting to get into python.  If you are already a programmer, you probably will want something more intensive.  As someone who last took a programming course 25+ years ago this was a perfect re-introduction to the field and most specifically to python syntax."
This is best course I ever took and I took many of them. Prof. Charles Severance is best teacher I ever had including real life :) And trainings are really challenging which makes successes more delicious :)Thanks everybody who worked in this project. I am looking for next courses.
"Really enjoyed this course. A great source for beginners. The instructor is very clear and easily understandable. His method is also very engrossing, which is a great thing because sometimes programming courses are so so much filled with jargon, that they get boring. 5 stars!!!! :D"
Glad I had someone to tell me about this. I was trying to learn just by reading and was not getting it at all. This course is awesome. I am actually just a business major with no programming background at all. I am very excited to continue to the other courses! Thank you very much!
"Great course for beginners. I am a student of Electrical Engineering and had no previous hands on experience of Python. This course is very basic and Dr. Charles is an awesome teacher, the way he explains, he is also humorous and makes sure that you don't feel bored in any video..! "
"Thought I reviewed already. Is a great introductory class to not just python, but programming in general. I highly recommend this course for beginner programmers. Intermediate and advance users who have to take this for the specialization should just do the quizzes and assignments."
  I really love this course and Dr. Chuck who makes those new concepts very easy and funny to grasp. I am looking forward to seek new opportunity for my career by studying python through some courses provided by coursera. And I find this course a really good introduction to python 3.  
"This was an excellent opening to the later, more advanced classes. The instructor is very good at presenting the material in an easy-to-understand style and the advancements are in just the right incremental level to give a student a good feeling of accomplishment and satisfaction."
"Awesome course, I can not believe few weeks back I could not write a single statement in programming and now I can do basic things in programming, very well made course and it's content. Chuck is gem and his way of teaching is awesome. I really want to thank him. Thanks a lot team."
"The instructor was so good. He is really a good interpreter. When he visits different countries to meet his students, it looks nice. I wish I could meet him if he ever comes to Bangladesh. In a word, it was fun to do the course. I learned a lot and planning to continue the course."
  An excellent course for beginners as well as for people coming from other programming backgrounds. The tutorials are extremely beginner-friendly and a great way for people from other programming backgrounds to learn the syntax and changes needed to adapt to the python environment.  
"This course is interesting and it really enhances my interest in field of programming specially in Python language.

It shows us that programming is for everybody not only for the professional programmers and python is such an easy language so anyone can do programming using this.
"
"This course explained the basics of programming really well! I have already taken a java course(AP computer science) so other than the python syntax, it was all review. However, he really explained all the content in a completely understandable matter so this course was excellent. "
This course attended bt Dr. Chuck is very useful and easy going. The docent explain all kind of algorithm quite detailed but still very easy for us freshman to comprehend. I really recommend this course to who are interest to start his\her PYTHON3 learning with a fantastic course.
Great introduction to Python programming language. Self-paced course with videos/classes that cover broadly the contents needed to perform the required exercises/assignments. The course book also provides extra material and consists of a solid reference manual for Python learners. 
"Course is very well structured, I really liked the way Dr.chuck is explaining, The exercises at the end of each week helped me a lot to actually implement what i have learned and some of the exercise seems to be a little complex, and yes this course is 'Programming for Everybody'."
  A very well thought out and planned coursework with emphasis on general programming logic. I would like to congratulate Professor Charles on his contributions as a teacher. I really liked the flow of the program. Looking forward to more such topics !! Thanks a lot :))Rohit Pandita  
"The course is good despite some troubles in solving the problem.  I wish the course coordinator providing some downloadable  PDF lecture notes for student reference so that we can catch up the course without having to re-watch the video,  in case internet connection gets cut off.   "
"I loved the content and helped me a great deal to finally be able to program without crashing my computer with infinite loops. I'll definitely take the specialization on programming and data analysis.Professor Charles Severance is the best, i hope i can be as good as him one day.  "
The course has been explained beautifully and it is easy to maintain attention in the lectures as Professor Severance knows how to keep students focused by cracking random jokes in between. I am thankful for this course and looking forward to starting the next course in the bunch
"This is a great course! Although I had learnt python when I was an undergraduate geology student, now I could learn a lot of concepts and details about programming that I did not know.Congratulations Mr. Charles Severance, your passion and dedication made this course a great one!"
"Suitable for the first time learner of Python, even with someone who doesn't have any programming background. After I passed the test 5.2, I don't realize I have finished all the courses and gained my certificate! I will continue on further advanced classes of Python on Coursera."
The course is very nice for beginners with no prior experience or knowledge. The course also has lot of valuable information and stuff to learn from that I haven't found in usual internet sites. The course and videos are awesome and are best in teaching the concepts with clarity.
"Excellent Course! The Instructor is super fun and super easy to understand. Everything was explained from the very basics. His teaching style is excellent and you would feel like you are sitting in a classroom with him. To summarise, this course truly lived up to my expectation. "
"I have to say ""python for everybody"" is a course with full of understanding. I learnt a lot form this course. I'll learn more from coursera in future. Dr. chuck was fab and there hand movements are just amazing.thanks for this courses and wish to have more and more. okay BYE :))
"
"Dr Chuck is a brilliant teacher! He is very simple, humble and a wonderful sense of humour. I am thankful to Dr Charles and Coursera for making this easy and joyful to learn. The course also boosted my confidence in learning a programming language, so extra star for this course."
"As a computer Science student i am learning many languages, this course helped me a lot and cleared all my doubts. I would strongly recommend this course for those who are willing to study python from basics. Also, it was a great journey with professor Charles Russell Severance."
"I really enjoyed it! I'm quite new to this, but I had no problem understanding the content whatsoever. It took me some time to complete the assignment, but you have to be patient and keep in mind that you might mess it up 10 times before you get it right, and that's programming! "
"I think this python course is very helpful for me which taught me basics about python scripting. Indeed, I am a Environmental Science student and working knowledge of python is very important in this field. Overall, I am very thankful for providing financial aid for this course."
"I really really love this course! This is my first time get in touch with computer related course. I thought I would be difficult and tough for me. But actually I found programming and python language really interesting! Thanks to this course a lot, and thanks to coursera a lot! "
"This is a great introduction to the Python programming language! You really don't need to know anything about computers or math to get through the course. Just get started, spend some time with it, and the end will come before you know it! I definitely enjoyed taking this class."
After this first course of five you will definitely have an understanding of what python is and how to utilize the language to begin interacting with it. Coming from zero knowledge prior to the course I feel confident enough to move forward and begin learning different concepts.
"I've tried to learn programming through books and college courses. Unsurprisingly, all it takes me to get interested is to GOOD TEACHER. Dr. Chuck is a better instructor than I could've ever imagined for this course. I'm looking forward to these next parts of the specialization."
Great! I work at a tech company in a non-technical role. This course supplemented my knowledge that I've learned through osmosis; now I'm saying more of the technical terms when I'm speaking to my co-workers. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking to level up their basics. 
"Thanks for the teacher's great instruction, I missed the first time to catch up the pace, but this second time try was finally completed.It's quite interactive, feels like I'm sitting in the same room with the instructor, thanks greatly again and wish to learn more lessons soon."
I am really thankful to this course. The way it is created i never lost my interest in study & it was easy to understand. I tried learning python few times before from the several PDFs available online & lost interest within few hours. Thank you Charles for those lecture videos.
I already tried different courses on Python and they all were not really good or were tending in a direction that is not interesting for me. In this course it is not like that: I found it to be very informing and well structured. I learned a lot and will keep on learning Python!
"Great course, made python learning challenging, but absolutely not terrifying. The assignments I felt were enough, nd look forward to trying out the capstone project when i have the available funds. Thank you so much Charles Severance for the intuitive and fun lectures and book."
Course was great Because the instructor was awesome. Dr. Chuck is just awesome and he taught everything very clearly and the great thing is that he assumed that everyone is a newbie. He explained everything in a simple manner and it gives you a strong foundation for programming
"I loved it. The style of the instructor impressed me. For Beginner it is a superb course. For a guy who knows some about programmings (basically, have idea about another language, attempting python as a new language) it is best. I recommend this for an easy and effective start. "
"Dr. Chuck really made my first introduction to programming with Python enjoyable! The online format was great and provided the flexibility I needed. I would encourage anyone to take this course through Coursera who is looking to learn the foundations of programming with Python, "
I had a rudimentary knowledge in coding before i started this course. but i must say the way the material is organized and how the quizzes are set is of nearly perfect difficulty level where you dont feel intimidated by the challenge of coding and don't find it too easy either.
This Course is really Great and I enjoyed it very much.Thanks to Walchand Institute of Technology Who sponsored this course to me and I personally recommend this course for those who really want to learn python from Begining.Thanks to Coursera and University Of Michigan....!!!! 
"I never thought Python Programming would be that easy for beginners. And I like each and every seminar given by Dr.Chunk, the quiz's and program's given for us to solve made me happy and attentive all the time. Thank you Programming for Everybody for this wonderful opportunity. "
"Dr. Chuck is really an interesting and erudite teacher, who totally impressed me that learning a new programming language can be so great and delightful. Hope I can keep digging until I am capable of more advanced skills. Can't wait to attend more classes of Dr. Chuck. Go blue!"
"A very insightful course especially for ones with little to no background of Python or any programming language! Also, credits to Dr.C.Severance who kept the sessions very lively and the general learning environment light and positive without compromising on quality of content!"
"Excellent course. I've had minimal exposure with Python up to this point, but this class has made me familiar enough that I can read basic programs and code as well. Of course I would not say that I am an expert programmer, but I am certainly on my way towards being proficient. "
"This course was very clear and easy to follow. The teacher's humor and enthusiasm made taking this course an incredibly enjoyable experience. Coming from no previous programming experience, I believe this course helped me gain a very clear understanding of the basics of python. "
"This course was really helpful for me as i was not knowing a single word of python.This course help us to lear from basic I have control flow of Language , conditional operators , functions and many things in this course and eagerly waiting for next course of my speacialization"
"Very help explanationa and metaphor for illustrate how a bunch of codes are excuate.When I first started to read a python book to learn  things, it was difficult for me to understand how the code runs. Flowchart and real person explantation help me to understand the sequenceso. "
Fantastic course! This fit nicely with my work life balance as a full time engineer. Dr. Severance taught at a pace which kept me engaged while still providing pertinent information. I anticipate the curriculum taught in this specialization will mirror solutions to real issues.  
"The material is well packaged and presented for learners with no prior coding knowledge or experience.  The instructor has a pleasant, positive demeanor - he speaks clearly and concisely using vocabulary and concepts that can reach a wide audience effectively.  Would recommend!"
It's total a beginning course. Don't be afraid of can't understand. It's pretty easy and interesting. Professor Charles is very nice and teaches in detail. Quiz and homework are really helpful. I believe everyone can enjoy this course and want to go through the next process lol
This is a must take course for those who just started Python or who are at the basic-mid level. The instructor knows how to make the course interesting and easy. But make sure to complete the whole specialization along with reading the book (python for informatics) in parallel. 
"I highly enjoyed this course.  The workload was just enough to keep me busy but short enough that I could work around my busy schedule.Being a novice, I learned quite a bit and has made programming and Python much less intimidating.  I think i'm ready to tackle the next course."
"i had  always a fear to learn any language. The way of teaching is too good. I have got rid of that fear. Very excited yo learn more and more in order to groom my skills as well as advance my carrier. Thanks Coursera  and also the Professor Charles Severance, you are amazing!!"
"Really great professor! He explained everything thoughtfully and slowly. I knew literally nothing about computers and programming before this course and he managed to develop in me a deep appreciation and passion for the subject. Thank you so much, Professor Charles Severance!"
"Instructor wins you over. He is engaging and very livelyBasic concepts taught very well.
The bonus material engages you to explore more than just leaning the course.
Overall it's very good for getting basic knowledge and also to develop curiosity about the world of programming"
"Amazing course! The teacher is funny, easy to understand and I enjoyed the bonus materials at the end. You really feel like you are a part of a class then on your own.  As a newbie with no background in math or computers, it was a perfect fit! Excited to start the next course!"
"excellent teaching . examples, exercises, quizzes and assignments were apt and facilitated conceptual clarity and reinforced understanding. course content, in general and teaching/instruction, in particular, by Mr.Charles Severance, will make anybody 'get started' with python.  "
"Excellent course, excellent teacher. This has not been the first course I've done online, but if the first one I've completed, this is due to the well-developed program of the course and to the good pedagogy of Charles Severance. Thank you Coursera, thank you Charles Severance"
My first ever programming course! Started out easy and became very challenging towards the end. I have learned a great deal and can't wait to start experimenting with the knowledge I've gained. Dr Chuck is an amazing teacher!! Looking forward to the rest of the specialization!
This is an excellent course for a beginner. I walked in with very minimal previous experience with coding and was able to keep up with the class. The teacher is really good at explaining the very basics of python which is good for a new learner. I highly recommend this course.
"Curso excelente, fácil de entender, los vídeos son muy completos y permiten aprender de manera rápida lo que está explicando. Muchas gracias al Dr. Charles y a todo su equipo por ofrecer información de calidad y todo el esfuerzo por ayudar a otros en su desarrollo profesional."
"As the name suggest "" Programming for Everybody ""  is best available online course for non - programmer.If you are non programmer & want to learn Python then this is the must course for you.Content & course material is of great help for someone who is starting with programming "
"For beginners this course is very helpful. From very basic they have tried to teach you about python programming. If you are making your first step in python ,then i think this course is very helpful. Specially,the pdf provided with this course ""Python for Everybody"".Thanku!!"
"A really good professor good explanation for person who does have a little knowledge of programming language. (I am a chemical engineer who have't taken a single class or knowledge before)  really good for beginner as title suggest ""for everybody"" yes it is !!!Thanks Dr Chuck"
It's just the right course for someone who wants to know about the basics of programming and python. I would surely recommend everyone to once go through the course as it would be fun to watch videos and complete the assignments which would add to your knowledge about python.
Excellent - The first time I have really understood elements that so many other courses assume you are already aware of - even down to indenting. The programming I usually do has no indenting structures at all - I could never understand Python as a result - now I (almost) do!
"The course was great overall, it covers all the fundamentals. It is ideal for everyone who wants to learn to code, irrespective of their professional or educational background. The week 7 external graded test was what I found a little vague otherwise, it's a beautiful course. "
This is a perfect course for beginning computer programming. No prior skills are required other than basic mathematical knowledge. It's fairly cheap and the work load is light so there is no stress! I highly recommend this course to anybody interested in computer programming.
"Dr.Charles did a great job and explaining things in a simple and comprehensive manner, I almost thought this course is a little 'too easy', all thanks to our teacher and this course will pave the way for many students like me into careers of programming and computer sciences."
"The course is perfect with it's logic flow (from easy to more difficult, but trust me, you can definitely handle with it), contents and assignments, you can feel your skill on programming is really strengthened little by little, and that gives you a real sense of achievement! "
  Dr. Severance is amazing. He breaks down concepts in such a simple and straight forward manner. He is also entertaining. He has done an amazing job for making this course accessible to anyone. It is all about logic. I am going to continue to take his other courses! Thank you!  
"Dr. Chuck has that gift of bringing complex ideas down to a level that is understandable to everyday people, sprinkled with humor. Truly, this course is about programming for everybody. A course that has been designed to jumpstart and boost your confidence toward programming."
"It's perfect for what it set out to do: give a light introduction to programming and python.  I should point out.  The assignments were clear enough that, having a programming background, I could learn the basic idioms of python in maybe two hours of total work on the course.  "
"Awesome course, it covers the basics in very dynamic and easy to digest sessions. If you have previous programming experience you will still enjoy this course; if your don't, this is the right course for you to start dipping your toes into the world of programming..... enjoy. "
This is a very good learning series for python beginners. The course has been designed beautifully in a way to keep you interested throughout its span. the quiz and the assignments are both simple and at the same time enough to provide a brief revision for the entire lecture.
"This was an excellent course that was highly effective in introducing the basics of the Python language and computer programming. It breaks down concepts into very manageable pieces, and progresses gradually in difficulty.  Very excited about continuing on to the next course!"
"The perfect introduction. I have learned programming before but now wish when I learned that it was explained as clearly as this!! Charles Severance's enthusiasm for teaching this topic is incredible and makes taking on a new challenge extremely palatable. Great Job, Charles! "
"Dr. Chuck is ""THE BEST PROFESSOR EVER"", the way he explains things is just insane, he has cracked a way to say things which directly feeds in our brains and stays there. Amazing course, really enjoyed the first course, looking forward to completing the entire specialization."
I would like to thank Professor Severance for this wonderful Coursera course. I have learned a lot. I learned quite fast even though I have no background in programming because each lesson is well explained and taught. Looking forward to taking other Coursera courses by you. 
"Dr. Chuck uses Mac as a tool to edit and the form is a bit different from windows',and I had some trouble right after downloaded python like I don't know where to active the file, how Atom work with python. It took me a few hours to figure out and after that it was all fine."
"Starting this course is one of the beautiful things I've ever done in my life. The Simplicity and Practicality of this course cannot be overemphasized. Thanks to the Tutor, his patience is really appreciated. Planning on getting started with python? This is your best choice."
This is a very good course for the people who are new to programming and want to start off with Python. The teacher is very good and sure seems to be at the top of his field. The assignments may feel tough at the beginning but you will surely figure them out in a short time.
"  Moreover, It is offered by the University of Michigan and you got their stamp on certificate.
You can share your Course Certificates in the Certifications section of your LinkedIn profile, on printed resumes, CVs, or other documents, It increases your Job Opportunity by 30%.   "
Its really a great opportunity for me to get this scholarship and I am taking full advantage now I can understand Python better than ever. I liked to get help and reach my goals turning every milestone coming in front of me.Thank You  CourseraThank You University of Michigan 
Excellent course with an excellent approach to teaching the fundamentals of writing programs with Python. I can see the skills I picked up in this course being generally useful towards any language or programming paradigm.  Thank you Dr. Chuck!  I'm totally buying your book. 
"I learnt how to write c, c++, VB and VBA and the most part of this course looks familiar to me. However, still this course is very good and friendly for beginners. Also, refreshing the very fundamental knowledge of programs palys a crucial role to my programming career also."
"This course starts out very well with extensive background information about the instructor, his history and books that he has written and explanations about computers, peripherals and software. This is all laid out so that the information is easily digestible by the layman."
"Have a good experience .Long time i didn't work with any programming language ,So i decided to make some refreshments and also , I want a little knowledge that can help me to use this language and to improve my skills and proficients such  as a data analyst or data scientist"
"Before taking this course, I've never tried any coding and I don't even know if I'll be able to continue this. However, the teaching style of Charles Severance is fun and interesting, I do like and enjoy the new field and learn a lot from the course. Good job! Mr. Severance! "
"I have absolutely no programming experience, with minor reading I was able to write a few perl and shell scripts. But python, I have never even wrote a hello world program, the course was simple and straight forward, I enjoyed every piece of the material and the assignments."
"If you're new to programming I strongly recommend this course. The recommended pace is perfect for beginners, but you're free to go ahead. Dr. Chuck is an amazing teacher, he really wants you to understand the concepts and gives you enough motivation to complete this course. "
"Really good course, even for those who already have a programming background.This course teaches programming basics, quick and easy.I completed the course within 2 weeks, and I had learned a lot.I truly enjoyed watching the ""Bonus videos"" - really interesting and motivating."
This course is very useful for those who want to start learning programming. This course will help you get a basic idea of how to start your career with simple programs.  I recommend  this course for everyone.  I am sure that you will regret if you won't choose this course.
"Totalmente recomendable para no iniciados en programación. El profesor es muy didáctico y preocupado de que entiendas los conceptos fundamentales de la lógica de programación, más allá de la sintaxis del lenguaje propiamente tal, la cual se domina con práctica más que nada."
"if you are an absolute beginner as me, please take this course. I completed the course in 2 weeks because is very easy to follow and to digest. The instructor is clear and the examples are explained from scratch. I have enrolled for the next course with the same instructor! "
"I already knew a bit of Python, but I was also missing a lot (standard issue for people who are self-taught). While I already had most of the basics, I got a lot from the lesson about loops and the None keyword (and, more importantly, about how they're supposed to be used)."
"Charles r severance , a excellent instructor i have ever met! He split the whole thing in such a way that a beginner can easily catch up the topic . The whole course was so interactive and fun to learn . Also the bonus videos are so inspiring. I enjoyed  the whole session:) "
"Perfect course that I was looking for, completely dedicated for beginners. Everything, the pace, the method, the instructors enthusiasm, engaging content,assignments, met my expectations. I will recommend this course to every learner who has a strong desire to learn Python."
"The course is useful for the beginners and the lectures are nice and it is easy to understand.As the title suggests ""programming for everybody "",every one can easily understand basics of programming by this course.It will be very helpful who want to start their programming."
"This was a very informative course. I was able to learn the basics of python easily because the instructor was so good. I appreciate how the instructor explained every chapter as if if he was in our minds, therefore all the concepts would automatically become crystal clear."
"This is a great course for learning the basics of programming with Python in a comprehensive manner. Emphasis is being laid on some fundamental programming logic, and nuances with the syntax is also explored to a satisfactory level. This is highly recommended for beginners."
I really appreciate the way coursera helping student to improve there programming skill. Thank you very much for this great course. I am ready to continue python courses more to became an expert. I have already advertise about this to my friend and will continue to do that.
"this course is too good. I have trying to do so many other online courses online but never succeeded in completing as I never feel connected. but I really appreciate the efforts of prof. Chuck, he is incredible in his way of teaching.It's fun. I will keep learning.Thank you  "
"Great course for beginners!  Though the work was simple, I still found the material to be quite useful in helping me understand the code a bit better.  The professor was very clear for all the topics, making Python so much easier to learn than I would have thought possible!"
Frist I really want to thank Coursera and University of Michigan for giving me the chance to learn this course with financial aid. This course is absolutely amazing and Dr. Charles is very nice. I really enjoy the process. Just hoping have more opportunities to learn more.
"This course is very good for beginners as it goes through the basics. The quizzes and assignments give you good command over the basics. I also belong to the non- programming background, but this course gave me such confidence to go through the rest of the related courses. "
"If you are thinking of studying Python, this course is perfect match. The content is not so difficult to understand and the length is suitable for people whose time is constraint. Also, the question and programming quizs at  the end of each chapter is useful for reviewing."
It helps me learn the basic things from the python programming language. I was very confused at first which language should we learn at first and which one is comparatively easy. Now after taking this course I can say that Python is way better easy than any other language.    
one of the best course from one of the best lecturers of all time after this course i have been  motivated to attend all of Dr.Chucks classes and by attending this course I badly wanna graduate in University of Michigan and would feel extremely previlaged  to meet Dr.CHUCK
  I had a great experience in learning Python for Everybody. The course can be taken by someone who is a bit interested in learning a programming language without having any prior knowledge of programming. This course gives you the complete gist on how a programming is done.  
"For a beginner in programming this course provides basic information. It makes the task of learning a new skill simple and easy. For experienced IT professionals, who know other programming languages, this course is too easy and they can finish the course in a week or two.  "
The Most Excellent professor Ever!!! He's so interesting and teach me Python in a easy-to-accept way. He could always use metaphor to describe something not so familiar with us novice and my favorite is the one of listening to music in Chapter 1. What an attractive course!
"Please Make the code test more accurate , like we write our code and you can automatically test it using pre-stored samples' list of different inputs .in case the code passes all the sample tests then that the code is 100% correct .Thank you very much for this great COURSE"
"As a virtual beginner in computer programming, I found this course very useful.  The course covers important common programming concepts and Python syntax.  If I were someone who already knew another programming language well, I suspect this course would be too elementary."
The course was very basic and really good for those who are totally beginner I am not the good candidate for the course since I am working with JAVA from last 3 years since everything is very easy for me as such this course is really good but I am not a good one to review.
"This course by Prof. Dr.Charles Severance from University of Michigan is very good for people who wanted to start with Python. His teaching skill is genuinely good. He teaches how python works internally which helps us understand more and remember better. Thanks, Aravind R"
"Very nice course. It was a little bit too simple for me personally, as I had some programming background already, but I believe, the way things were explained throughout the course was really helpful. In my opinion, the course is very valuable for the beginners. Thank you!"
"Excellent programming introduction to everyone. Very detailed lectures and readings. It builds from the basics and gradually introduce more complex situations, leaving no sense of big confussion compared to other courses I've taken. Thanks Dr. Chuck and thanks to Coursera."
"Dr. Severance is such a wonderful teacher! I had never done programming before, he built the course so well. Easy in the beginning and challenging at the end. Just the right amount of difficulty to keep going. It was a joy completing this course. Look forward to the next."
"I hope that the ""Python for Everyone tool"" gets upgraded so we can have mor hints about the type of error we are getting.  I spent 3 trying to solve my code, but the problem was a misspelling in the output.Anyways, I had a great time.  See you in next chapter.  Thank you."
"Its a great course especially if you are from a non programming background. The course starts from extreme basics to intermediate level. If you are already familiar with any other programming language, you might feel the course is slow but eventually you will learn python"
Its a very easy course for a beginner who has zero knowledge in programming; The professor and the tutors online is amazing.  You would definitely need to keep on learning with future classes from this series of Python specialisation courses to build your skills in depth!
One of the best courses to start learning to program. I have tried many times to learn to program but the material or teaching method didn't allow me to complete. But this course was complete in all regards and also it keeps one's interest in programming languages intact.
"It was a great experience to learn from such a prestigious university through coursera, thank you, it was my first experience in online learning, it was best for me so I'll definitely recommend beginners to take this course and have great knowledge and learning experience"
"  The course is amazing and what makes it the best is the instructor, the instructor knows very well how to transfer the information to beginners in programming and explain everything in a fun, patient way. if you want to start learning python this is a good course for you.  "
"Really enjoyed it. I've messed around with some python code before but knew i needed to take a course for some basic understanding. The lectures were great, and assignments were just as great. Would highly recommend for anyone looking to begin their Python coding journey!"
The course is very good at giving you explanations of how the different statements work and haves some good assignments to test your understanding of new coding functions you learn throughout the course. highly recommended if you want to get started with python and coding
"Its a very well taught course that covers all the basics and teaches not only how to write basic code but why it is done that way, learning this course has opened a world full of possibilities for me , I cannot thank coursera and professor Charles enough for his teachings "
"I have previous education in programming.  This was a good refresher to start programming with again, especially Python - a language I'm new to.  I just wish the interactive Python assignment submission tool would accept both Python 2 and 3.  Otherwise, it's pretty great!"
This class was a perfect beginner introduction to python. The instruction videos make sense and fully explore each aspect of the lesson. The coding assignments are straight forward and provide multiple avenues for requesting help if needed. I highly recommend this class. 
I enjoyed every video. Thank you so much for sharing all the tricky parts and explaining them clearly. Now I feel comfortable with python programming. I also want to thank you for giving me a chance to enrol the course. I'm very much interested in taking the next course.
"It was a really  helpful course for me . It not only cleared my doubts regarding programming and its objectives , but , It also improved my programming skills and  my knowledge of python . Regular Quizes and Assignments helped me a lot in improving my coding skills too ."
One of the best course for a beginner. This course teaches you python in the most simplest way and Dr.Charles Severance is the finest teacher I have ever had. If you are a beginner then this course is for you. Go ahead and you will develop a deep interest in programming.
"It's really great experience to take part in this class, which is exactly as it said, ""for everybody"". This is my first time getting to know Python, but it's more interesting than I think before. Professor Charles makes this course full of fun. I love his teaching style."
"Exemplary content for beginners and for those who want to get precise and to the point knowledge about Python.... A big thanks to Prof. 'Chuck' and his interesting approach towards the subject , which enabled me to cling onto Coding , something I was hesitating to learn. "
"Dear Sir, your course is awesome explained by you and also have a lot of fun in learning python programming language.This course just boost up my interest in learning of python programming language and also keep my interest in research in computer science.Thanks Dr.Chuck"
Thank you so Dr/Charles Russell you were an amazing educator and your style was not boring like other educators and so simple and so funny .hope to have the chance to complete the remain courses to had the full knowledge that i need in Python.Best regards / Abdalla Fahem 
"Excellent course. The way it is presented and taught, unique and best ever I have attended. Special thanks to Dr. Charles Severance for his unique and very special way to presenting hard staffs in simple ways. I am very grateful to him and fortunate to be in his classes."
"I have not programmed in years and was rusty to say the least. I found this course well paced, course materials were very helpful and the corresponding book explained things in a clear concise manner. I would suggest this course to anyone who was looking to learn Python."
Excellent course for beginners. Instructor Mr. Severence was very precise and in depth while explaining clearly all the concepts. I would definitely recommend this course to every new comer as it gives you some insights into programming while also making it fun to learn.
I have taken other Coursera courses and I must say I am impressed with the structure of this Python course. I really enjoy that you can work at your own pace and the lectures are structured in a great way that allows for understanding nuances of the programming language. 
"Fast pace and to the point for learning what you need about Python to get into data analysis and tool building right away.  Instructor is clearly spoken, engaging, a tad silly in a nice way and will geek out about all aspects pf python, computer science and your success."
"one of the better courses to be found.  Clear explanation, gradual building of skills, interesting background information and interviews, great starter course for beginners, but also great for skilled persons to learn a new programming language and review basic concepts."
"I learnt a lot from this course. One of the things that I appreciate the most from Coursera is that the Deadline system, which help me push myself coding all the time before due date.Also the professor and all the mentors are all so nice for teaching and solving problem."
"It was my first internet course ever, so I was a bit unsure as to what it might be. It was great, educative, and the professor made the lectures fun. The inability to talk and ask questions to the professor is a challenge but at the same time a great learning experience."
I always believe fundamentals are very important to anything. Coursera designed this course in such a splendid way.  I recommend this course  for all who are eager to learn programming language. Thank you coursera and other guys for providing beautiful platform to learn.
"Very good and entertaining lessons to start with Python. Also highly recommended for people that have no prior experience with programming.This course is much better structured with its tasks, assignments and lessons than a lot of other (very confusing) coursera courses."
"Love this course.  Was previously using only Codeacademy (which is a great program also), however, as a ""first time programmer"" I found the basics very difficult to understand.  This is really rounding out my understanding and I love your vision for accessible education."
"An well prepared course by Dr. Charles Russell Severance with excellent syllabus. It does not matter if you are beginning from scratch or already have some grasp on programming, this course is definitely going to help you in refining and revitalizing your Python skills."
This course gave me the confidence for building up my coding skills . I am sure that going to enroll for the next course. The assignments and quizzes are good to improve my confidence. I recommend this course who don't have prior knowledge in coding and python language.
"Good course of course. You're a great teacher. Only negative is your view on error messages. IMO it's: ""Human stupid, Python not"", instead of vice versa. It is important for people to learn when they are wrong and accept that they are wrong rather than shunning it away."
Very easy to follow and nice to get glimpses of students from around the world. The large-hearted approach of not penalising a student rather encouraging them to make attempts till they succeed is much appreciated. Guru Charles is a great teacher. Thank you and Namaste!
"this course is amazing . i had learn alot of things in this course, like loops, conditional and sequential statement , functions and all other basics . this course upgrade my technical part . im very happy to done this course. thank you coursera for this amazing course."
"Everyone who's weak in programming or anyone who wants to clear their views regarding programming or learn python should register for this course just like I did. Anyone reading my review is same as me I can tell that for sure; Oops sorry ""was"", I gained the skills now."
"It's best for them who want to learn Python from scratch. The way prof. teaches is the best way one can teach. Sir uses a lot of real-world example which infect is the key to get the modern knowledge of modern technology! Go for it without any thought, you won't regret."
"Python for everybody course is awesome because of Dr.chuck, He began the course in a spoon feeding approach and finished it how one can do it on their own, it's really a fact that both the course and the instructor is awesome to play and teach the course to the students"
"This was a great learning environment (at my own pace, in my own place) and Charles is a great instructor. Wonderful introduction to programming, and I am excited to continue to the next section. My goal is to progress to data structures, and more powerful applications. "
"It is a course for people who have zero coding experience. This was my first try at Python and I thoroughly enjoyed it. The instructor is really cool and uses lovely analogies. Since I had some prior coding experience in C++, it took me around a week to complete it all.  "
"Thank you very much, Chuck Sensei and University of Michigan for this wonderful course so much! This course is quite useful for understanding the basic of the programming and python. I'm sure to continue to studying the advanced course of python programming. can't wait!"
"I believe that this course is excellent for begginers. I knew my way around things cause im a CS student currently expanding my skillset, but i got to admit the instructor made it look easy and simple explaining some otherwise complicated topics to grasp while in class."
"I am a senior high school student and this is my first course on coursera. This course give me an introduction about what python looks like, and the professor's teaching style is quite appealing and humorous:) Anyway, i'll keep going on until i finish the whole courses."
"Tracebacks are your friend, to a dyslexic they are just the the squiggly red lines we are used to seeing in word! Only a traceback actually tells you what is wrong! Thanks to everyone who made and maintains this course, it really does make coding available for everyone!"
"I tried learning Python from other sources, but the professor for this course went very methodically through the foundation required to program Python well. This gave a deeper understanding to the language and made me feel much more confident about actually programming. "
One of the greatest teachings by a professor. Good method of teaching and thus my way of learning has been differed from the orthodox classroom learning. Thank You Coursera! i'm enjoying the video learning and I'm keen to learn other courses from this very organization.
I really liked the course. Its a good course to learn the basics of programming through Python. The thing I liked the most was the flow charts of each program that helped me to understand the concepts easily.Thanks Dr. Chuck. I would like to visit you if I get a chance.
"Course instructor is marvelous and content is too easy that a beginner  can understand and perform marvelously. I am learning any language first time and i enjoyed every moment of class, assignment and quiz. Thanks to everyone and specially ""Charles Russell Severance"". "
"It was my first stepping stone into the world of Python. Prior to this course I had no idea about it. Under the amazing guidance of Dr. Charles Russell Severance of the University of Michigan, I’ve learnt to make sequential codes, conditional codes, repeated codes etc.  "
"Extremely acessible course. It contains full guide to install python on your computer and even offers a built-in python compiler in a website for those who can't have a computer at the moment. Certainly helped me to fix the basics, so I can thrive in python programing."
"Very good. If you're already into Python programming it is way to easy but it's always good to refresh all that basic knowledge which is important to move forward to more complicated stuff. If you're completely new to programming, it is an excellent way to get started."
"The course is great for learning the basics of programming (through Python). Even somebody who has absolutely no experience in the subject can learn and complete the course very comfortably. The instructor is a very nice, friendly person who is very easy to learn from."
"Totally interesting, from the systematically curated content to the clarity of each minute element delivered by the instructor. And as name suggests, it is well-suited for anybody who wishes to learn programming as it assumes hardly any previous programming experience.  "
This course was so easy to understand that you cannot but fall in love with this. Specially Dr. Charles Severance explained so beautifully and clearly that all the things that was hard for me are now very easy to me.So don't waste your time and do this course right now
  Obtaining a Python certification is worth considering if you're trying to take your career to the next level in terms of better job positions and a higher salary. This programming language is chosen by some of the best companies in the world and it's growing quite fast  
please make this course more concise and short its pretty simple must be finished in two or three week and don't made mandatory for student to watch all bonus and other videos to finish this course. you make it as choice of student or for only interested students only.
"Very beginner friendly course. I have a bit of python experience through other MOOCs. This course kept my attention and made me want to finish the course. If you have prior experience, you should aim to finish the course within a week. The bonus videos were also great. "
It's really a great course for the beginners who want to learn python but dont know how. I thought it would be difficult for me but actually the professor was so great that i found it very enjoyable and i learned basic ideas about python through the little assignments.
"This course teaches not only Python and also how to program. This course fits to beginner level in coding. Dr.chucks teaching, content, Coursera interface. quizzez and assignments makes this course enjoyable and happy learning. Thank you very much for wonderful course. "
"It's wonderful to take this course it's an amazing feeling, Initially  i was bit hesitant as the course will not be like as  i expected , but the way of explaining the methods is something unique and very easily adaptable for a laymen too,All the best and keep rocking!"
"The course is designed a way, that keeps your interest and make you to come back.Even if you don't know any programming language, it teaches in way that you will learn easily.This language is getting hot in market, still Coursera provide for free, thanks a lot Coursera"
Dr. Chuck teaches the basics of python in an interesting way. This is done while solving real life programming problem with give a direct applicability of programming in real life and meaningfully showcase the power of python language.I love the class.Thanks Dr. Chuck!
"  This is a well-taught introductory course. The course instructor, Dr. Chuck is a very engaging teacher. I thoroughly enjoyed taking this course. If you have a background in programming in another language, it should be possible to go through this course pretty quickly.  "
I love Dr Chuck. Have done many of his courses and each of them is so enjoyable. I knew the course material well already but I finished it anyway because he is the instructor. I knew he'd make the experience valuable. I can't thank him enough for all that I've learnt. 
"Thanks!A very beginners-friendly course on programming with Python.I was really encouraged & inspired by the knowledge of programming, coding, problem-solving with computational language.Thanks! To Open-mindedness, curiosity, and devotion of the responsible professor!"
"A really exceptional course, I really recommend anyone who is just starting to ode and have no coding background. This is just the course for you. Also anyone with prior knowledge can really just brush up their skills and memory on Python through this. I did the same."
"Pyhton is very useful now a days for all it learns us to develop new programs,and learning skills and learn to more python and get many opportunities in jobs. So ,thank you for giving this free courses and teaching to students it useful for all.So, thank you soo much."
Very good course. Lectures were extremely detailed yet comprehensive and covered all the threads related to the program. The schedule was very flexible. The support on the discussion also helped by lot. The assignments employed practical thinking and problem thinking.
This course was really helpful to me I started from scratch. instructor is very friendly and all the quizzes and assignments are helpful to gear up the course. I strongly recommend this course for the people who want learn the python from beginning. Thank you Coursera 
A great course for anyone who wants to start with programming even with close to zero knowledge about it. Pretty much jump-starts your brain about the electronic and programming world. You start to see the world in a programmer's perspective  a bit after finishing it.
"This course was very beneficial for me because it helped me clear my basic concepts of Python3. It was a pleasure for me to learn from such a brilliant teacher. The additional content provided, was also of grear help. Looking forward to complete more courses like this"
"The instructor, Dr. Chuck, is amiable. I enjoyed his lessons very much. You have to beat your brains out to solve the assignments, which makes this course more enjoyable. I loved this course. I am looking forward to completing the other courses in this specialization."
The most valuable things in the course are challenges that are connected to the lectures that you should note and be attentive while listening to Dr. Charles. It is a way that python developers should solve problems in programming. Thank you. My best recommendation :)
"The instructors, video and reading are all relevant and straight to the punch. In addition, I felt the class did an excellent job of explaining difficult terms in a fashion that's understandable to someone who had absolutely 0 programming skills prior (me). Thank you. "
"I've tried a lot of different online resources to learn to program, and this course by Dr. Chuck is one of the most effective and delightful. You learn quickly, while still taking the time to understand the underlying fundamentals, something that other resources skip. "
Python is very fun and this is one of the programming language everybody should learn. This is a great course and if you have intention to be a successful programmer this is a great place to start. Best of luck everybody. Come and join the python enthusiastic group :) 
It is a really good course for Python beginner. The class started with the most basic knowledge and then gets deeper gradually. Really easy to follow up with the video and programing a little bit with the help with the video. Highly recommended for beginner of Python. 
"I have made many attempts to learn programming over the last couple of years. I gave up thinking that I just didn't have the mind for it. Then, I found this course. This is exactly what I needed. I've made real progress and have hope. Thank you Dr. Severance and team!"
"It s wonderful course with amazing professor. For someone like me who didn't know any thing about programming, it was really powerful start . Professor Charles presented the content in a simple way  so that I enjoyed studying  a lot without any fears of this new area."
"It was a wonderfully designed course for student having no knowledge of programming, even i was one of that student. But after completing the course i feel that i can also become a great programmer. Thank you coursera  for providing such a wonderful platform to study."
This course is a great introduction to python! I started with zero background. The lecture structure is very good as it slowly builds you up to more complicated things. The lecturer is clear in explaining and provides good examples. The quizzes are also very helpful.
This course is amazing for ones who are really want to commence programming. Dr. Severance is one of those really inspiring professors I have ever had in my life. I would definitely continue the next courses on Python to reach my goal as soon as possible. Try it NOW!
This is the best course for beginners.before joining this course...I thought python would be very difficult to understand...but now I have all the basic knowledge of python language......and I would lobe to learn other courses of python a dother languages on coursera
This course helped me to learn and master the basics of python and the videos were really engaging and fun which makes the course all the more the reason interesting and easy to learn. Looking forward to more courses from Charles Severance  and University of Michigan
"Thanks to this course that helped me to step in programming language. Firstly , I would like to thanks instructor Dr. Chuck who wisely taught me to understand all the stuffs .Earlier I was getting a lot of difficulty to understand python but know I feel I can program "
Learning Python from Charles Russell Severance was an amazing experience. He is a very good teacher who taught all the concepts with simplicity. The course gave me the basic knowledge of Python and now looking forward to learn Python Data Structures.  Happy Learning.  
"It was my first MOOC course. I found the platform Coursera very helpful during this quarantine time for learning something new. Mr. Charles is a great instructor. Loved the course and will continue to learn more from Coursera, from Mr. Charles and from U of Michigan.     "
"amazing course for the very basics of learning programming language, i would recommend everyone looking to learn programming from the very basics, this is the only course on the internet which starts from literally scratch and takes you to a higher level step by step"
"Very didact, clear, friendly with the student and at the same time doesn't make you feel they are treating you like a dumb person such as in other courses. Soy really really thanks to Dr. Charles Severance for this great course. I will immediately start the next one."
This was a great way to get started with Python! The instructor adds just enough fun but also teaches very well. The assignments are also a great way to cement the concepts learned. I would highly recommend this course to anyone looking to dip their toes into Python.
"This course is good for any background, if you are an engineering, scientist, business guy, ect.The information is provided in a way that everyone will understand, and have a willing to learn this language. I strongly recommended if you want to start to learn python."
"Everything was clearly explained. The course is not only helpful, but entertaining as well. Prof.Severance managed to spice it up with his good sense of humour. It definitely makes this course more personal and easier to comprehend. I will continue to the next level!"
"what else than : print(""For everybody"").I wasn't sure to succeed, so I decided to learn python both through Michigan and Rice universities. Their approach are different and the ""LITERACY""( from my opinion), is very good at Michigan. #EasyToFollow#FailFast#learnFaster"
I truly loved learning about python code and the programming concept. It was a refreshing experience as I had already had a base in C and C++. But joined this course to learn python. But python is a simple code that it reduces the complexity faced in other languages.
"Super great beginner course for Python. The lectures are easy to understand and follow. The assignments stick closely to what were talked about during the lectures. Besides, I pretty like the 'Bonus chapters' of interviews and office hours at the end of each chapter."
"I really like this course， this is my first time to know and write code, as a first time learner, this course provided me a lot of basic information and explain to me details, also allow me to practice on my own based on assignment and quiz. I really enjoy it. Thanks "
"This is a really great class, you must be sure to follow along in the free book, don't just do the graded assignments, there are assignments in the book as well that will allow you to hone your skills.Don't worry the book is free to download.  I have mine on my ipad."
Excellent! Easy language for non-programmers as me. I'm thrilled as I am keen on programming. And this course is just perfect to me. And the way they are 'spreading knowlodge' is fantastic. They make sure to give you all information and access that you need to do it.
"I am very thankful to Mr. Chuck Severance. After this course, I become more courageous about programming and spend a lot of time with it...Chuck's Sir way of teaching is the best type of teaching and his teaching is the reason that makes the course very interesting."
It's a great experience to learn a new language python with hand-on experience. The quizzes and assignments are amazing. While preparing a solution to the assignment I learn the python in more depth.Thanks to the instructor and the entire team of Coursera.Thank You!
"Dear Dr Charles,Thank you for sharing your knowledge. It was never a boring class. I have learned a lot, not only about the concept, but also on how to teach the basics of programming, and how to be creative in constructing assessments/quizzes. Thank you, Coursera ."
"This was a very great start for me, in python. Even though I am from a mechanical engineering side , its was very much worth it to have learnt something new. I will surely continue learning. And a special thanks for the instructor and for the University of Michigan."
Excellent course! Lectures are concise and easy to understand. The course exercises are not difficult but challenging enough to require you to think through the problem. The Professor is knowledgable and conveys concepts very well. I am very glad I took this course. 
"I enjoyed this easy-to-follow introduction to Python and the refresher it gave me.  I haven't written code in many years, so this was a really great reminder of what I loved about programming, while also introducing me to Python and its peculiarities.  Thanks Chuck."
Ajudou a entender melhor a lógica de programação além de preencher lacunas existentes do meu estudo individual. Ótimo para quem é novo na área e não tem idéia por onde começar ou para quem quer aprender por hooby. Principalmente para pessoas sem conhecimento prévio.
"Loved the course: it gives the very basics of Python in an easy and understandable way, and Chuck Severance has got an amazing personality, which adds a lot to the course. The estimated completion time is definitely overestimated: you need a week max to complete it."
This course was great it teaches you the fundamentals of programming and take's it step by step. The professor even takes the time to show you the basics of how to save a file and why its so important to have this knowledge. Thank you so much professor and Coursera.
A thoroughly enriching and informative course. One doesn't need to have an in-depth understanding about Python in order to get started with this course. This course is designed to explain the subject from the basics. I feel really happy to have taken up this course.
"For a guy like me with no prior programming knowledge, it was so much new language learning experience via online course. Specially the presentation and the sessions delivered  by Professor Dr. Chuck was amazing. Thank you coursera for this initiative and Dr. Chuck. "
"Prof Severance is great! I enjoyed his teaching and the course is really comprehensive, I have close to zero background in programming and the course really guided me through and gave me an idea of it. I would love to take further courses to learn more about Python."
Very good introduction to computer programming and python. The concepts have been presented gradually and also it has been made a connection between the program and the hardware running the program. I also liked very much the bonus videos at the end of each chapter.
This course is suite for the one who need to start coding with python even through who are programmer like me. I'm C# programmer and take this course for start in Python for solve data science problem and this is a simple and cover most of basic command you needed.
"The course is very well designed and structured. Easy to
follow and apply. Learning resources are of great value and easy to access. The
instructor's approach is very interesting. Overall, very positive experience. I
would highly recommend this course for everyone."
"That's an awesome course I found on coursera. I'm thankful to University of Michigan for providing the such a progressive content.I am thankful to the Dr. Charles ""Chuck"" Severance for teaching all concepts with extra care. I am excited find more courses like this."
"Python for everybody is really an excellent course and the way the instructor, Dr. Chuck, teaches python is wonderful. I enjoyed and learnt many things from this course and I found it quite easy as compared to C++. A big thanks to the instructor, Charles Severance."
A very good and important course for those who are new to Programming World and especially rhose who are new to Python as a programming language. This course helped me get a smooth entry into the world of Python Programming! The instruction is also intelligent too.
This was the best python course and best instructor there is. This course was very helpful and informative.  It was very easy for me to learn programming through this course. I offer my gratitude to Coursera and professor Charles Severance.Thank you for this course
This course was very insightful and easy to grasp. The instructor took his time to introduce and explain all the aspects of basic python coding in a step by step manner. Would definitely recommend this course to anyone looking to learn their first program language. 
"Hello, if you really want to learn Python with no skills or programming background, you should just enroll and listen carefully. It was a pleasure to be a member of this community and many thanks to Mr. Severance to get me started to coding with Python, loved it!!!"
"I really, really, really love this course. I want to say thanks to Charles for your excellent work and to everyone in the forum, you guys helped me a lot, too. The way Charles teaching is really attractive and easy to understand. I must say that I've enjoyed a lot."
"This course gives you a head start to learn how to program Python in an easy and basic way.If you don't know nothing about computers this is the best introductory course.If you have some experience with computer but knows nothing about Python, this is also for you."
"Being a beginner with absolutely NO idea of programming, this program has helped me a lot in learning the basics about python. Charles is very good in the work he does; you can easily understand his teachings. I'm so excited to continue the rest of the coursework ! "
This course allows anyone to introduce to the principles of programming and the available tools that makes easier to code. Python itself as a Programming language is very readable and ideal for beginners or for non IT professionals who desire getting these skills.
"It's a really good course for students. If any one want to know about the instructor from me, then I've a only a single word to describe him as well his lecture delivering ability that is ""AWESOME"". Every aspect of this course was clearly understandable.Thank You.  "
It was overall the best experience for me to get started with python indeed. Like I was really afraid of coding so much. But this course made it so easy to learn. Dr. Chuck if you are reading this feedback I am really greatful to you from heart. Thank you so much.
A fabulous course by Dr Charles Severance. It will change your perspective as to how interactive and friendly an online course can be. A very big thank you to Charles Severance sir for putting in the hard work to help us understand the python programming language.
"I like this course. I know C programing. I wanted to learn Python, but I couldn't find any good tutorials. I found this a very good tutorial to be started with. And I love the way how the course teacher teach..... Thank you sir....................................."
Very clear and straightforward. Assistance is provided when needed and many thanks to Chuck  Severance for making it interesting.  As it was my first time getting introduced to programming thanks to the flexibility and clarity of explanation I faced no difficulty.
"The professor is excellent and those bonus are interesting. What's more, the tool is very useful and amazing. In this class, I can get feedback as soon as possible and correct my misunderstanding immediately. I would absolutely recommend this course to my friends."
"Highly recommended for those who do not have coding experience. Lecture is easy to follow. Quiz is being structured for student to understand even more. Assignment is somewhat challenging, it enhance troubleshoot skill if strictly follow instructor recommendation."
"Dr. Chuck did a very good job for lecture teaching, it is easier for students to understand and catch up. Besides, those interview session with different founders and students are inspiring me as well. Appreciate that! Great job, keep it up, Dr. Chuck!!! thanks :)"
"This course was fantastic. It was the perfect balance of ""Oh this is easy, this is easier...wait what is happening""  Dr Chuck Severance is a great teacher. I will look for courses taught by him in the future, starting with the rest of this specialization.Thank you"
"Great introduction to programming, I brought the course book, it makes the assignments easier and the content is better understood and retained.  The pdf version is available free, but for me having a paper copy is just easier to flick through, read and reference."
"Is an excelent introductury course for people interested in programming. Even, if the programming language is Python, the course gives the student the base of programming in an easy and understandable way.I am happy to have done this course.Thanks for the teacher."
"An enjoyable introduction to python programming. The learning curve can feel a little steep as the course moves on, particularly if you are completely new to programming. However, Charles Severance is a good teacher and he makes the course enjoyable and engaging. "
"It's been a great pleasure to me by learning python with such an amazing personality ,Dr.Charles.It was a fun and interactive way learning python with him.It actually felt like he is into getting knowledge to the students very much.So go for it without any doubt."
"  This course has started and taught me in a smooth and understandable way, the basics of python. This has been very useful for me to build my basics in a strong manner. The instructor was very open and clear in teaching this course which boosted my learning a lot.  "
Prof. Charles Russell Severance is one of the best teachers i have encountered. I am  amazed he had me engaged in video lectures  as it is difficult to have students interested in offline classes in the first place. Thank you sir for a lovely learning experience.
"Great course! It was exciting, and it really helped me to develop my abilities and start programming.  The professor has a lot of knowledge of the topic, and he explains each one in a way that is understandable even if you have no previous experience with coding. "
thank sir !i am learn  more core concept about python programming language  thank for sharing more content  and   in this course  i am learn  what is actually  are need basically need to programer  and what is skill are required   thank you sir !!  Vishal Dhanure
"In the world of business in education Coursera provide me this course free of cost.The course content is very helpful and Prof. Charles Russell Severance explained every concept very well.Thanks Coursera, University of Michigan and Prof. Charles Russell Severance"
"Amazing teaching and the course content is great and simple and understandable. I suggest to all,  the course is excellent initiative from University of Michign to spread knowledge  it is far better than any other udemy course and it is the top stuff from google."
"Charles provides a clean and fast introduction to Python, going all over the basics like print, for loops and iteration, conditionals, logical and math operators, variable declaration etc. It is a good choice if you have never programmed, or programmed in python."
"Being a beginner This was very useful course to me to clear Python Concepts,  This course desgin really well and step by step and easy learning. I would suggest this course strongly who want to get in to Python programming even if you dont know anything about it.  "
"I love Dr Chuck, the guy really knows how to pass his knowledge and get student interested in programming. He is not a boring teacher for a change and I love to hear. The course might seem slow but it teaches the right way because it will stick to you. I love it. "
The course was an epical one and great fundamental lessons on computing programming were though using python. All lessons and quizzes were well structured and detailed. The tutor had great knowledge in the language and explained concepts very clearly.  thumbs up
"Excelent course for everybody who wants to start with Python. It doesn't matter your purpose, this course is designed for people without programming skills as well as people who know other languages like C or anything else and wants to begin this other language."
  Dr Charles Severance is a chill laid-back professor and makes learning fun. Prior to this course I had absolutely zero knowledge in computer science or python and found the coursework manageable and light.  I will definitely continue this series with Dr Charles!  
"As a beginner, I had fun with this course. The instructor is pretty cool, He has explained everything so nicely. I wish, I become a good programmer, and do well in python. Thanks to Mr. Charles for this course, He is also a reason for my interest in programming."
"Everything is really good. Teaching method of Dr Chuck is not lazy.I got python basic and other computer knowledge especially I saw old hardisk.Thanks Coursea and Professorsand Teaching assistants.Now,  I am very exciting for attending another course in Coursea."
  its a very good course as well teacher is also good he clears every thing from basic....he treats that person who is learning is learning from basic he knows nothing about programming languages...good course for newbies looking for a good course to start up with
"Loved the exercises and the concise explanation. Didn't really feel engaged or interested in the misc. videos, but otherwise quite enjoyed the course very much. I felt like I was always looking forward to the next exercise. More assignments might be a good idea."
"Excellent course for a beginner. Lectures taken at the right pace, very clear and the accent is understandable even to non-native English speakers. Quiz and Evaluation tests are appropriate for a beginner. Thanks to all who have designed and offered this course. "
"I am very glad to have completed this course from Coursera, It has indeed been very helpful for me in gaining an insight into programming. I would 10/10 recommend this to my friends.The way the programming language was taught in the videos were just exceptional."
"This is my favorite beginner's Python course I've taken, and I've taken a lot of them from all over the place. I've taken this one twice, because the way Dr. Chuck explains things just clicks with me. I'm off to take his other courses for the second time now! :D"
"Thank you charles, I've done these fundamental parts in two nights, coz I have previously finished programming courses with Matlab. So this course was easy for me. But Charles taught very well and he's an energetic and interesting instructor. I like this course."
"For me, this is course is very informative, especially for its clear coding knowledge like the following four  basic patterns in python : sequential, conditional,store&retrieve, and looping pattern:) Also, I am looking forward to studying the next four courses:) "
I really enjoyed and learned Python's fundamentals. The Prof is funny and fun to study with. I recommend to anyone who is interested to get a sense of programming to audit to this course even just for challenge your brain.Thank you sop much for the great clasess
"i have fun in this course, also it was easy to understand the subjects of the course and the comands of python. Dr Chuck did a great job explaining how to program with python. Maybe the assignments were sometimes too easy, on the other hand, they were fun to do. "
Charles Severance is perhaps the greatest instructor of a programming language that I have ever encountered.  Not only are the lectures engaging but the assignments are relevant and I have been able to apply what I have learned immediately to my day to day life.
"Very Good Course. I loved the format of the syllabus taught in this Course as when i was getting lessons on python in my college, i was not able to understand anything. The format, the  flow and pattern of teaching was very comfortable and easily understanding."
The best course in programming for beginners. Professor Chuck has such an amazing skills of narration and providing lucid explanations. His style of teaching makes programming so easy for everyone (even for those who are not having any prior coding experience). 
"For all those who doesn't know abc of python should take this course. The course is very basic and very helpful for the beginners. I have learnt how to use and code in python. Thank you Coursera, Thank you University of Michigan, Thank you Dr. Charles Russel :)    "
Excellent course by the University of Michigan.I took other python course also but it was so much interesting like this one.As per my opinion this is the best one for any beginners who want to start learning python.And the lecture was awsome he is so friendly .
prof. Charles breaks down everything to the simplest level while explaining concepts. I cant really say much from a complete beginners perspective as I am a little experienced in coding. looking forward to the next course from the 5 course python specialisation
Thanks to Prof Charles Severance. He started from the very basic level of understanding which helps the learners to build up the confidence and to write the python codes. I am looking forward to enrolling in the next course of python by Prof. Charles Severance.
"It is still a awesome platform for learning. i can't explain in words how intelligently and  tricky way,  Sir Charles Severance told to solve various problems . Well, i would still continue for further partsof this courses for gaining more experience and skill."
"I'm feeling blessed for taking this course. Right now, I'm on cloud nine, and eager to take rest of the courses in this series.  Though I'm naive to programming, but this course sparked an infinit pool of energy in me; I'm going to purse a career in this field."
The Instructor had explained each and every point in a very crystal clear way. He made me understand the concepts by teaching at my level of perception. I am very thankful to sir that he made me learn this course playfully. thanks to the whole team of coursera.
"Dr. Russell was made me really connect with him. He was casually funny and real, I could tell that he has been teaching for a long time and it just comes naturally. The videos make you feel that you are interacting with another human and make easier to pick up. "
"Python is the most recognized programming language in the world and having a teach as Dr. Chuck is a great aggregated value.It's been awesome how you could learn python in a simplistic way without being a professional in the IT area.Thank you so much, Coursera!"
"It has content, where it starts from basic of computing, from hardware analogy to understanding and writing program. It also has interviews of Guido and founder of Arduino as bonus content. So overall i recommend this course for people who want to learn python."
Very satisfied with the structure of the course. Although I am from a programming background hence could get hold of the basic topics quickly to finish the course in a week but highly recommend this to anyone who wants to learn python and is new to programming.
Learning a new language is really difficult. Thanks to coursera and the instructor they made this course so easy that any one can understand the concept of the programming and complexity of it very easily.Thank you coursera and special thanks to the instructor.
Suprising combination of easy threshold of entry for audience without programming experience and quickly growing complexity of tasks that will keep people with more experience interested. Nice sense of humor by Dr. Chuck as a pleasant bonus. Highly recommended.
Well structured course which makes it easy to learn the material and includes lots of exercises to test your understanding.  Assignment solutions are thoroughly discussed which makes it easier to assess the efficiency of your own code compared to the professor.  
"I'm very thankful to Dr.Chuk. He is a great teacher with awesome teaching skills. He became my one of the favourite teacher in my life though it's online course. I don't know any coding language, but now i can understand what ever he has taught. Thank you Sir."
I had a great time. I love to take more courses  from coursera and University of Michigan. I had developed interest in taking online courses. The interviews (short talks) at  the end of every week are so inspiring. It develops self-confidence in me. Thank you.
"I really
enjoyed this course. It helped me to bring back some knowledge and implement
them. As human, we never stop learning, so these online tools help and motive
me to keep progressing… Many thanks Mr. Charles… I would really like to keep up
on leaning here… "
I am so much happy that I am the part of the course .The teaching technique is so so amazing .A special thanks to Dr.Chunk for teaching in a interesting way.This course has helped me with all the basics of python. One of the top level courses I have ever done.
"Before starting this course, I'm not sure whether I'm able to complete it or not but now I'm surprised as well as feeling accomplished.
And all the credits goes to the instructor. The experience from this class is cannot be expressed in words it's beyond that."
"One of the finest courses I ever have done loved watching Dr. Chuck. This course starts with the basics of programming in python, with very well explained each and everything. 
I will highly recommend this course to the one who is starting his/her programming."
"Really well done, it was the first online registered course I followed and it exceeded my expectations. Ok I'm not really a beginner in coding but I wanted to restart from the basic because I never used Python. Simple direct and concise what I was looking for."
"For anyone with no programming background and want to learn Python, this is a course just for you. Professor Chuck explains the concepts is such fluid manner that there will be no difficulty in comprehension.Great course to begin your language-learning journey "
Great introductory course in python.  I had previously done some python but I wanted a solid foundation in the language before moving on to more data science specific courses using python and this Specialization is just what I was looking for.  Onto course #2!
"Anyone who wishes to start learning Python, look no further. The instructor is not monotonously boring, the videos are divided into small understandable chunks, and is perfect for people in hurry. This was by far the best experience I had in terms of learning. "
"This course help me to look python on different perspective. Dr. Chuck has good explanation about the course. If you want to get more from this course, you must start to take another exercise/case about python programming and he will tell you about the source."
"Charles' enthusiasm really helps make the subject matter more interesting. The assignments begin easy and get more challenging towards the end which is great, it tests what you have learned throughout the course. Overall, it was a great introduction to Python."
"excelente para iniciantes! uma linguagem clara e simples. É o inglês da linguagem de computação, todo mundo deveria saber! uma atualização e tanto para mim aos 61 anos de idade! Espero utilizar python na minha carreira de análise de dados em sistemas de saúde!"
"Great course for those who know zero programming, or for those (like me) that have not programmed in a while. The professor really goes out of his way to explain concepts and gives context on the history of programming and why things are done the way they are. "
"It was good and clear! If you are going to take it, I strongly recommend to dedicate time to it and also read the extra materials as much as you can, since it helps to a better understanding. The only thing is that I wish there were more exercises to practice. "
A good introductory course for absolute beginners. Students having prior programming experience in any other language will find the contents to be too basic. The syntax will be the only new thing that experienced programmers will get to learn from this course. 
"Professor Charles is a great professor and he knows his stuff and very enthusiastic and humorous sometimes. Thanks to this class there were new paths for me to journey on, coding is fun. I included in my resume and that was a plus for my current job. Thank you"
"My sincere gratitude to Mr Charles Severance, he has been such a captivating teacher that I could not resist myself completing the course in a couple of days, more than a month before the schedule. You made learning to code a fun packed activity. A BIG THANKS!"
"It's a good course for everybody who have interest in Python, you don't need to be familiar with any programming language, even a primary school graduate can easily follow the course. I believe this course is truly practicing the original  purpose of coursera."
"Good, I use to program when I was in high school. I feel like doing it again (now I'm about to graduate from a business school), so I take this course. The materials are not so hard to catch up and I enjoy learning new program. (I use to do basic C++ and Java)"
"  Everything you need to get started with python is in this course and no matter from which subject you studied or specialization you have, you can do study this course and learn how to write code in python. I would highly recommed this course to the beginners!  "
"At first I Would Like to thanks to Mr.Charles. I want this type of teacher who teach us with energy and fun. I learned  a basic idea about python,and i am so glad to say that this course is worth.It's not a waste of time but its a fun time with some lectures. "
This is a fantastic course. Instructor is a very nice man. I've been a able to ameliorate myself through this course. I want to suggest some advanced course regarding PYTHON. It's great to complete a course like this under such a famous university. Thank you. 
"This is the best basic python class ,It Makes a So Strong foundation for your future python journey .the instrutor is so amazing,friendly,entertaining . he is there to give you actual meaning of from ""scratch""  to whatever the level Overall i Loved the course"
"Great..!Though we are unable to see each other , it felt quite interactive to me:)Great Teacher..Well-Structured Course..!Solving Assignments after watching the related videos and practicing contents in it helps in gaining Confidence that.. ""YES, I can do it"""
"One of the best programming courses I've ever had in my life and certainly, one of the kindest programming teachers I've ever met. If you're unsure about learning Python or want to begin learning how to program, this is one of the best courses you could take."
"Excellent teaching by professor,so easy to understand and implement in problem solving,very kind,smooth and joy learning, i strongly recommend my fellow students to start python in this coursethankyou,kartheswar devaraj(Electronics and Communication Engineer)"
"This course is awesome, especially if you are an absolute beginner and have no idea what coding is at all. I knew a little of the basics, but Dr. Chuck helped me learn how Python works and gave me a really great foundational understanding. On to the next one!"
"i think the whole course is interesting and easy to understand at first, however , it is kind of difficult for me in the later courses, especially there are several courses lack of Chinese , but overall it is good and teach me the basic knowledge about python"
Course was really helpful as it gave the needed basic understanding about the python programming.The concepts explained were very clear and understandable.The exercises were based on the video concepts so it helped to get some hands on the python programming.
"Very great course on initiation in programming.I loved the teacher, loved the content, and love the course.I highly recommend it if you want to begin to programming.Thank you very much for making this course available for the world, you guys are priceless !!!"
The way the instructor presented the material was very simple and I think any one who want to start programing should start with python and get this course.My over all review for this course is very good.I encourage everyone to came here and take this course.
"Great introduction to Python! Professor Charles Severance has done an amazing job explaining the different concepts in a simple and easy-to-comprehend way. This course is the ultimate first step to Python, laying the foundations for every aspiring programmer."
Great hands-on (many labs with automated grading) intro to Python. Most labs are short-length coding assignments (10-20 lines max). The basics are covered efficiently with added lectures if necessary. I highly recommend this course for anyone learning Python.
hi there i really enjoyed this course Mr.Charles is a wonderful teacher and he has what takes to  explain and teaches with great method that let me understand the fundamental of using variable and statement especially the while statement and the for condition 
This is a great course and wonderful teacher for people with very little to no background in computer science. Python appears to be a user friendly language for beginning programmers and I would recommend this class to anyone with an interest to give it a go! 
"A great investment of my time to learn some basics of the Python programming language, as well as experiencing some high-quality education on the Coursera platform. I am a higher education professor and administrator of online education. Well done, Dr. Chuck. "
"This was my first Coursera course I ever completed. As programmer most of the content I already knew, but I believed there is also some info might be between the lines, which it was actually true, and in top of that it was fun all the way.Thank you Dr. Chunck"
"easy to understand and given ample time to finish up our assessment (assignment  & review). Easy to navigate from one topic to another. Very interesting presentation and use example that easy to understand. For example, show in details how to get the output."
"A course that is really friendly for a beginner like me, anyone who wants to learn about Python, coding, or even computer science is suitable for this course. You will definitely learn a lot of things from this course, hurry up and join the family of Python!"
"this course is very helpful to me.i have learned how to write a python code  and some of the information about python.i didnt need any changes on this course .whatever the information,assignment,quiz that this course have been given to me is enough to learn."
The instructor(Dr.Chuck) was slow and understandable for the first 4 weeks. But his pace changed and rushed a bit towards the last 3 weeks due to which i could not understand the topics a bit. Other than that is was an excellent course. Would recommend 10/10
"I used to be afraid of learning python, but this course changed my mind. It's really easy to learn with humorous videos and interactive python programming. I finish this course within 3 days. Seeing the certificate is really inspiring. ; ) I will keep going."
I would recommend this course and professor to anyone who is interested in learning python. This course challenged me to learn and think in a different way when learning to program. Thank you to the Professor and the mentors for their help along the way too.
"This program is awesome for the beginner who didn't no any language. Its from basics.Dr.chuck is very nice Professor ,i like his way of teaching .He taught everthing like a fun, I didn't get bored anywhere.Thanks alot coursera and alot of thanks to Dr.chuck."
"Great course. I learned the basics of Python and was able to write simple codes and run them from the command prompt. The professor - Dr. Severance is a very cool teacher.  Discussions and explanations are clear, full of examples and fun. Highly recommended!"
"An excellent course for those who's learning programming using the Python language. Although it was a littel bit too slow for me, as a CS student who just wants to add Python to his kit, I managed to finish it at my own pace thanks to Coursera's flexibelity."
"Very well explained. It's perfect if you never did any programming.However, if you did basic programming in school, it might seem a bit too easy.In my opinion it could be a bit more challenging, especially on the assignments.Excellent course overall: 4.9/5.0"
"This is a great course for a python beginner, the instructor is super enthusiastic about the course and the material which is definitely passed to students and makes it easy to understand the explanation. I would definitely recommend this course to a friend."
"I really enjoyed taking this course. I've been meaning to learn Python and this was a well-pace course that taught me the fundamentals of programming with Python. The materials were organized and thorough, and I was able to take it while I worked full-time."
I really like the way that Mr. Severance teaches and I will be looking for more courses that are taught by him so that I may take them and gain the knowledge that he is giving.  I appreciate everything that he has done to make learning Python easier for me.
"The course is fantastic. Dr. Chuck is fantastic. The only issue I have with this course is if there were a more assignments on every type of code being  taught , I think it would have been more easy for me to understand it.Everything else is just fantastic."
This course helped me to understand the basic and fundamental of Python Programming Language. I liked the course in every way. It was informative and well organized. I am so excited to get enrolled in other courses of this Specialization program. Thank you.
It was quite good and informative yet interesting. The whole course was good and the quiz were very interesting too . the assignments were quite challenging and so far the overall experience was quite interesting I would really suggest you to go through it.
Loved taking this course. The instructor really dumbs down the basics of python which makes it easy for any new student of the program to grasp. I am excited to take the next course with this instructor and take my understanding of Python to the next level.
"Amazing course! This is not the first time I start a python course but it is the first time I finish one (in this case in 5 days). I attribute this mainly to the professor, he clearly is passionate about the subject and this is contagious. Thanks Mr. Chuck!"
"A great course. The teacher, Mr. Chunk, tells good jokes, and I also like the examples he gives. He teaches at a just-all-right pace, not too tight, not too light. In general, this is a perfect course for beginners to learn basic stuff about Python. Thanks!"
"really really helpful for all the zero-based learner.I am one of these guys, too. So I have learned how to read and write a simple code to let computer to do some computing such as iterating, looping and so on. I really wanna show my gratitude to Dr. Chuck~"
"  Dr. Chuck was born to teach. His lessons are incredible interesting and make you love Python every lesson more and more! This course are very easy to learn, and I`am going thru , to the next one.Excellent for the beginners like me at the moment.Many thanks!  "
I learnt a lot in this course of Programming for everybody. I also got help from community or forum page. I really thank full to all of you who are helping those who really need help for their career. I appreciate the work of the co-founder of the coursera.
I have struggled for a few years to begin understanding coding on different platforms. This course has laid a foundation that was easy to follow and to understand. I didn't think it was possible to learn this but I did and it was both fun and enjoyable!!!!!
This was a great class to get introduced to Coursera. The subject matter was pretty basic but was taught in a fun way that still made it very engaging and interesting. The format of the exercises and the quizzes and especially the bonus materials was great.
"Class is amazing for a beginner. Each chapter builds successive skills.  I'm enrolling in the follow-on course immediately.  The video lectures really contributed to my understanding of the material - and as a bonus, they're actually enjoyable and engaging. "
Great!!! I am an fresh venture capitalist in China. And I am aiming at AI areas. This course startup my steps to have a better understanding in my own job. Thanks a lot to everyone's work! I am going to learn next course about python from Dr. Chuck now! LOL
"This was such a journey. impressive by content as well as delivery. Amazing classes deeper insights, I would say you have to learn not only python but also numerous other things while you do this class, like regular expressions, databases and stuff. amazing "
"The course was so comprehensive and detailed for everyone who is new in programming. I appreciate the efforts of the teachers who provided us such a great assignment,quiz and video tutorials for practice and giving us a sharp edge in this programming world."
Very good at explaining the fundamentals of thinking like a programmer. I think for absolute beginners more examples would be beneficial but as someone with an interest in programming (probably same as most on this course) I had a little experience already.
Good course and very well taught. The professor teaches it with a slow pace so that everybody can understand the fundamentals. I have taken other courses on Coursera in which the teachers skip explaining the important steps but this course does not do that.
"This course is a good start to learn Python programming language, I would recommend it to anyone who wants to learn Python without any prior programming knowledge, the instructor is so good and the way he presents the concepts of the course is entertaining. "
"This course is wonderful for the most novice of coders (with no prior coding experience) to someone looking to brush up. Everything is clearly explained, with both the objective (why we do it) and the methodology (how we do it) described around each concept"
Very good for the absolute beginner. I'm not an absolute beginner to programming but I am to python so I found I could skip a heck of a lot. Exercises are useful for getting into routine of writing programs and the worked exercise videos show best practice.
  I wanted to learn Python as I was weak in it. So I selected this course on COURSERA. It was very much easy to learn Python from this institute. The Assignments are really quite easy to solve if you watched the videos. I would recommend to take this course.  
I have tried learning Python from other websites but none can compare to this course by Professor Severance. He is brilliant. He makes the concepts very simple and easy to learn. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn Python.
"A very good place to start for total newbies.  But Dr. Chuck is right, many online courses start out the same, and then the floor drops out.  I have programmed before so this was too easy for me.  Finished in a day. Recommended to those new to programming."
"It was totally a beautiful experience throughout the course, his way of explaining concepts is very appreciable.I would recommend this course to anyone who is new to coding.Looking forward for next series course i.e Python Data Structure.Thank you so much."
Coursera is a great platform to learn and that too just at your time and place and this course sare really really good for beginners as every concept are taught in detail and everyone can understand this. Dr. Chucks is the best instructor I've seen so far.
"Nice introductory course! I am looking forward to learning even more about computer science and programming. Very engaging material. Dr Chuck doesn't expect you to know any programming at all, so it is perfect for beginners such as me. 5/5 would recommend."
  I loved the way things were brought down to such a simple level. The hardwork put in this course by the professors and other staff is really appreciable. I learned a new skill and also did it while enjoying it. It was really a wonderfull experience for me.  
I love this course! Dr. Charles is very patient and the demonstration is crystal clear. The concepts introduced in this course is very basic and the examples used are easy to understand. Very good course for those who have no programming experience before.
"I wanted to learn python from scratch and believe me, you can't find any other course better. The explanation is very easy to understand. Even a high school student can easily understand python by taking this course. The course instructor is very friendly."
This is very good and very helpful  course to the beginners and this course provide the basic information about the python and I am highly thankful to the professor Charles Russell Severance and Coursera .I am highly thankful to the professor and coursera. 
"Great introduction to the basics of Python, writing and structuring. A good starting point to advance your knowledge. I would thoroughly recommend this. Chuck is a great teacher, and even via online learning, I found his method and style extremely helpful."
Dr. Chuck is great! Jumping into Python is incredibly easy even for someone without programming experience. Python's way of breaking down code into a more easily understandable sequence (almost like spoken language) makes understanding the basics a breeze.
"This course was my introduction into computer programming. The instructor has been clear with his instructions. I have seen significant progress in my own limited computer programming abilities, and I am excited to continue forward with the specialization."
"Good introduction, can be completed in a few day's even part time if you have some programming background.  Extra videos from Python and Arduino founders provided excellent backdrop information.  Glad that Python3 is now the default syntax for the  course."
"Really suitable for everyone who is totally new to programming, videos allow you to pause and the subtitles really helps when you may not understand the terms used. However, in the video it was described in a way that it was easy to understand as a layman."
"This was my first programming MOOC. Dr Chuck is awesome professor. His teaching approach is fun, relatable and uncomplicated. He takes you through step by step to learn a program (Python) that you are being introduced to for first time. I highly recommend."
Excellent teaching and guidance. I think dr. chunk is become my favorite tutor after this course. so I would like to work with dr. chuck in future whenever I'll do in ms. nice one! thanks a lot. I am looking forward next course of python with dr. chuck. :)
"Really good course for beginners, they explain everything in detail. There are weekly quizzes and assignments which put your new knowledge to test, but the class crew is active in the forum and help if there is any problem with the programs of the coding. "
"Trust me Dr.Chuck is an excellent professor and the way he taught us the basics, no one could ever do. With some amazing techniques, quiz & assignments, you'll be satisfied with each and every chapter. This is short and full of content. Thankyou Dr.Chuck. "
"Dr Severance makes the lesson fun, and he goes through the bother of simplifying the concepts to make it understandable. Highly recommended if you have no prior experience in programming or if you are looking for a quick refresher/ introduction to python!"
"It is my first course on coursera and i am very happy to complete it. its a starting of learning and i hope with the support of coursera i will learn a lot of thing in future. Its a very good course and everyone should try this, the instructor is awesome."
"  Great course!This was my first course on Coursera and the first one in programming after quite a big break. It turned out to be very fun and comprehensive, really boosts your confidence and motivates you to move further. Indeed programming for everyone :)  "
I AM VERY HAPPY TO COMPLETE THIS COURSE PROVIDED TO ME BHY COURSERA .A LOT OF NEW THING I FOUND HERE WHICH CLEAR MY CONCEPT AND PERCEPTION ABOUT PYTHON AS A LANGUAGE .I WOULD LIKE TO THANKS ALL COURSERA TEAM FOR CREATING SUCH A WONDERFUL COURSE .THANK YOU 
"  This course is in easy English. I love the way charles sir taught, with some fillers like bonus videos i.e.. interviews which really motivated me to learn more. He knows how to deal with an absolute beginner.This boast my confidence in python programming.  "
Excellent Teaching brilliant instructor although i felt if worked solutions to the assignments or if similar questions with answers were to be provided it would have been much easier. The resources provided are extremely useful while doing the assignment.
"This is the second best MOOC I have ever completed (the best was https://www.coursera.org/learn/learning-how-to-learn, because it taught me how to learn). This course is short, engaging, and most importantly, thoroughly explains the basics of programming. "
"I had been struggling and trying to find a way to self-learn Python for months until I came across this course, and in a week I saw light at the end of the tunnel. Charles Severance explains everything in a clear and simple way, and ihe even makes it fun. "
"Very accessible primer on python - even good to work your way through quickly if you already have other programming experience and want the basics of the syntax to come easily. Learned some other interesting tidbits along the way, too. Highly recommended!"
Fantastic introduction into programming. No early jumping into arrays but rather how to structure code properly. Well designed curriculum where old exercises are used again and amended to grow with the skill set of the learner. Very entertaining lecturer.
"Dr. Severence is highly gifted as a teacher. To make a complex world of programming easy to understand for the likes of me, it takes one that is thoroughly proficient in the subject and dedicated to teaching. I will continue these courses. Thank you, doc!"
I have taken this course before. It is my third challenge. I could pass all the assignments now.I feel like I get something from this course and I really appreciate all the Coursera staffs and Dr.chuck  for helping me to pass this course.thank youjongchan
Excellent course. Have lot of examples and the clases are very clear. The book that is given with the course explain in detail the topics of every week and add additional details.The forum is also an excelent tool to debate and learn from and with others.
"Great course. I had previous knowledge of Python, so I found it a bit slow at times, but I can't fault the course for that. I expect anyone seeing this stuff for the first time (especially if they aren't very math oriented) will appreciate the slower pace"
"Well built, seriously oriented for someone who never had any contact with programming before. Perhaps, some more advanced optional assignments could be added for those who know how to write code, but in different languages, at beginner's level.GREAT WORK!"
"Very clear and accessible. I often had to think about the tasks and it's great because that's how the material is better absorbed. The teacher is the best, with humor. Thank you very much! With you, the introduction to the python was fun and interesting."
"According to me, this course is best to start learning journey of python. I have learned basics of python. This course cover variable, constants, conditional statement, loop statement, loop control statement, function and etc a lot concepts about python."
"I really like this course. The course is clear and easy to understand. Thanks Mr. Severance.This is my first course in English language, and I can all understand, which makes me really happy and gives me a lot of confidence. I will continue study python!"
sir truely speaking to get  started with any programming language this is a must go course for all as it not just explain about the programming but also encourage us that why we need to do programming I enjoyed alot and going for further course thank you
"This is an amazing course for beginners. Even if someone doesn't have any prior experience in programming languages, he/she can easily understand the basic concepts by completing this course. Dr. Charles Severence and his team have done an excellent job. "
"Dr. Charles is a wonderful and helpful instructor. Even though I have a long way to go, doing this program placed me in the right step. I learned so much in a short amount of time. I highly recommend this course to anyone, who wants to start programming!"
"Excellent introduction and Charles did a really nice job taking his time to explain the ""why"" behind each component. I enjoyed this, as well as found it challenging and actually fun to want to continue and try and try again, until I finally got it right!"
Highly recommend this course for beginner even with no programming backgrounds! Professor Charles is amazing and explains things very well! Love this class and will definitely take the rest of four！ Hope I can be good at programming after the 5 sessions!
"This is the first course I have taken in Coursera and I liked it very much. Not only about the teaching style of Chuck making it a lot of fun, but I started to love Python for the programming. Thanks Chuck and the Teaching Staff of Python for Everybody:)"
Progressive exercises and efficient support. It is possible to do the certification more quickly using only the book. But the videos and interactivity of Coursera add interesting elements. A very adaptable and efficient way to learn the basics of Python. 
"Great python course for beginners who has no computer science background. However, the assignments are too easy for anyone who has programming experience. It would be better if this course can offer more coding assignments and more challenging questions."
This was one of the best courses I have ever had the pleasure to study. Professor Charles Severance is a phenomenal and exceptional instructor with super human teaching capabilities. Every basic aspect of Python is very brilliantly covered in the course. 
"Great instructor, made the course really fun. I'm a beginner programmer but Dr. Severance explained things really well. Also, the Mentors and community of students in the forums were super helpful when I had questions. Looking forward to the next course! "
"Everything was great  but I wish there was more exercise questions to solve, at least as a homework. could've been in the book at the end of each chapter as a chapter questions /projects. Because I believe more exercise help to understand concept better."
"Starts slow for someone who is interested in learning programming, but after a few chapters you realize how important it is to learn the first few (simple) things. Teacher is very good at transmitting concepts and highly entertaining.Course is excellent!"
I have tried various online courses before though i couldn't complete anything on time. This course takes the least amount of time and gives you a comprehensive introduction to Python. It has everything which a completely new person to programming needs.
"As someone with programming experience and looking to learn Python, this course is a fantastic review with respect to programming rules and makes learning the basics of Python extremely easy. Looking forward to completing the rest of the Python courses."
"I just LOVED this classes, they were real fun and easy to follow! Not to mention that you get to learn a great deal! I really enjoy the way that Charles explained every topic, I really recommend taking this even if you already know a bit of programming."
"Everything in this course is great. The lessons, the videos, the explanations. And it's a great way to start learning Python. I recommend to everyone who wants to start learning Python because it's direct and easy to understand the basic of the language"
  This was such an amazing experience and I particularly liked the computing conversations that was part of this course and how it helped to build a lot of interest and passion towards the subject matter. This is truly a beginner's course in every aspect.  
These courses are excellent and fabulous. I can follow this step by step and learn basic knowledge about python. I am so glad to learn these courses and want to share with my friends who want to learn python. I cannot believe these courses are so great.
"  Amazing course by Coursera, gives you a good understanding of the concepts in the simplest possible manner. An excellent teaching style by Dr. Charles Severance coupled with timely graded assignments and quizzes makes it a wholesome learning experience.  "
I think this is the course you are looking for if you have no previous knowledge about programming. Dr. Chuck is an excellent teacher. Thank you very much Dr. Chuck for this amazing course. I am interested to take the next course of this specialization.
i am so glad to choosing this platfrom to learn i have learn so many thing from you i am more intersted to learn more things from you and thankyou so much to giving a chance you give me confidence that i can also do best programming .thankyou coursera .
"I loved the course! The teacher is very knowledgeable and has a wonderful teaching style and he is very humorous.  The assignments are quite challenging and you can spend hours on them, but you will learn a lot.  I highly recommend you take this course. "
"It was chilling to learn new thing, this course made me realize that. Thank you very much Chuck sensei for great program. I liked your relaxed style throughout program.Also I appreciate teaching staff Mihaela for giving me advises when things were hard."
"Very good course for beginning Python students.  My only issue is that I was hoping to get some sense of how Python can interact with the web, be used within website, etc.  But perhaps that's a more complex topic that appropriate for this beginning step"
I absolutely enjoyed this course. I rushed through it but I still found it informative and helpful. It gave me a good idea as to how the Python programming language works. The videos were short and sweet. Looking forward to the next part of this series.
"This course makes me overcome the fear of learning programming. The lecturer does know the best way to teach and explain key points  of each chapter. For people considering learning Python with little knowledge, you should definitely enroll this course."
"This is a very interesting and intriguing class. The teacher is the most humorous and gentle teacher I've ever met. His classes in this course are diversified. You can never get bored. Don't need to worry about this course, the knowledge is fundamental."
"If you want a fast ""on ramp"" to programming, in general, and Python in particular, then this is the course for you. Dr. Chuck makes the content extremely easy to grasp and there are numerous, well integrated resources that will help get you up-to-speed."
"I had done some python before, but I thought I should start at the start. Dr Chuck is an engaging teacher, who doesn't assume any knowledge and takes things at a good pace, not too slow but not too fast. I'm looking forward to doing more of his courses."
"The course gives an introduction to programming to a layman. It starts of very well with good set of examples about computers, processing etc, and then builds on to it and starts the programming part without rushing anything. Recommended for beginners. "
"I really enjoyed this course and the instructors teaching style. Being able to catch still pictures of the slides for my notes was very helpful. Also, being able to watch videos of similar assignments was very helpful when I was stuck on an assignment."
"As a complete beginner to programming , this course provided me the basis to learn Python. I would like to thank Dr Chuck for being the Best instructor ever and I recommend future learners to follow this course and enjoy learning Python!!!Thank you!!!!"
"The Lecturer is so enthusiastic. His enthusiasm is so contagious. The way he explains each topic is really basic and very understandable. If you're looking to start learning about coding as a beginner (not knowing anything), this is the course for you."
"Great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand.
I just wish that there were more sample homework before the exercises so students could see how the lessons are applied to actual problems."
"Explanations were clearly explained,  which has helped helping me understand what really is going on with the code/instructions executed.  Dr. Chuck also used analogies that helped me get a clearer picture of the program executed.  Overall, very happy.  "
"very good one for the beginner. The teacher is very great! the course is designed well neither too hard nor too easy. The course is interesting, full of creativity and good interaction. I really enjoy it and the bonus video after every week. Fantasist!"
Love the course and the professor. Even though it was a 7 week course i did it in one or two. The tpoics were good and some what knew. Got to learn a lot and still have a long way to go.TRY PLEASE IF YOU WANT TO LEARN SOMETHING NEW OR LEARN PROGRAMING.
Very good course for both people with technical and non-technical backgrounds to start learning Python. Prof. Severance does a great job explaining the concepts with good examples. The quiz and exercises make sure you have grasped concepts practically.
"course era is an excellent oppurtunity to learn ,the user interface is excellent and easily understandable for users and coming to the course ,Dr chuck sir made programming easy to understand and as the name mean it is really for everybody , thank you. "
it was one of the greatest course i have ever seen for beginners. And I found it very helpful for the beginners.The professor is extraordinary intelligent and funny that make everything simple to understandThank you professor for this wonderful course. 
"I found it very friendly if you have never code in Python before. I had some knowledge but here I could understand every ""sentence"" of code much better. I strongly recommended to start programming. Thank you. And teacher is great!! I love his entusiasm"
"This course was really helpful. It has given me a better understanding of programming, and as I plan to pursue Robotics in the future, learning python from the basic was important. The course covers the initial steps required to get started with python"
Thanks for giving me a basic understanding of Python Programing Language. The lecturer is very friendly I mean it felt like he is actually close to me. Very good explanation and good course content. Fascinating features such as Quizzes and assignments. 
"I took four python intro courses from LinkedIn Learning prior to this course but it was still foggy with question marks in my head. This course cleared the fog like a magic!  I started understanding the codes  much clearer. Thanks, Prof. Severus Snape!"
Dr Russell is the best instructor for python. I wish I could learn more from him. the only thing that I didn't like about this course was the first 3 or 4 weeks could be in just one chapter and instead more example could be added to the course. Thanks!
"Wonderful course that starts with the very basics of python programming. Good for those who are doing any kind of programming for the first time. The professor has a really interesting way of teaching, making the course fun and interactive. Good stuff! "
"Pasas de 0 a 100, en un instante. Literalmente, hace unas semanas no sabía NADA de programación, ni mucho menos que era un lenguaje de programación. Hoy, ya sé hacer un programa que calcule la tasa de interés simple, es muy básico, pero es el comienzo."
"very introductive, suitable for someone without computer science background. The basic coding language is not only used in Python, or in other word, this first course won't let you know any basics about Python. The knowledge applies to C++ etc as well. "
"way of teaching excellent and simple,an the examples used for explaaining make me understand the topics soo deeply i would recommend everyone the same platform for learning........sooclen and neat while i was learning full clarit of notes with examples"
Very useful course for the beginners in the programming.But for students who know aleast one language it's like they only have to know the syntax of the python so it's better there is another course which is for students who know atleatst one language.
"Great course for going from zero knowledge of Python to feeling comfortable in the Python environment. Even covers installation! It's a little slow at first if you have any programming/command line experience, but hits stride after the first few weeks."
"Really good for beginners as it's not hard to grasp , and the bonus interviews are very inspiring and they give you valuable information about projects that you might have heard of ,but never knew what they actually were .In brief , it's really great ."
"Great course, with great supporting material. The interactive book along with the video lessons are truly wonderful. The book goes into great detail and the video lessons act as reinforcements of what you learned. The teacher is fun and engaging. 10/10"
"It is a good course for the beginner who want to do the programming. Even though I feel difficult to do programming at first, but at last I will do it. This course are very helpful to enhanced my skills in programming. Nice course and nice instructor. "
One of the best programming course for modern world. You can learn very easily this python course without having programming skill before. But you have to determined for completing this course without any hesitation. Thanks Coursera. Thanks Dr. Chuck.
"First lots of thanks and respect to Charles Russell Severance sir ,  Sir really your pedagogy of knowledge sharing is amazing .Both my knowledge and programming skills are improved as each and every concept is imparted in a lucid and interactive way . "
"Very helpful for beginners. Great course content, assignments and quizzes. Well structured. The lecturer's accent and his voice are also one of the good sides of this course. I highly recommend it for students who are looking for online python course."
"Very well instructed course. Thanks a lot for putting this up on this forum. It really helped me in getting up to speed with the basics of Python. I'll continue further to keep enhancing my knowledge with further such courses. Overall, Thanks a Ton !!"
It is an amazing opportunity and experience to take lessons from a skilled and yet entertaining professor from a top university for free. Thanks for offering such a programme that can potentially benefit all of us who are eager to learn from the best.
"i have to say its a wonderful course, i am just one that desire to learn something new and interesting and the professor Charles Severance, its so great, he is wonderful teaching python even make laugh one time or two, its a wonderful course really :) "
"A great course!! Helped me learn the basics of python programming and i am going to learn more about this language. Dr. Chuck is an awesome teacher, He made the class very interactive and help me understand a small programmer in me.. :)  Thank you Dr."
"very easy and handy to learn, i loved it as a begginner! for more deep visualization of thoughts and concepts you can also use internet otherwise this was really easy to practice and learn! a great course to learn! Highly recommendable for begginers!"
Amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just I can tell that this course is AMAZING!!!!!!! Extremely helpful and straightforward.The instructor of the course WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! He is extraordinary in teaching topics of the course.Thanks for letting me learn more!!!
"It was an awesome experience for me as it is my first online course.Thought it might be difficult but when the class was going on , it was simply superb.Every point taught by Charles Sir was crisp and clear for me.Thank you sir and thank you Coursera"
Very well explained as well as elaborated by the professor.  His teaching methods are quite good such that even someone with no prior experience of coding(in any language) can interpret as well as understand. Solid 9.8/10 course. Highly recommended!! 
"Previously  I don't have any knowledge about python,just i heard the name but this course helped me alot to come to know about python programming.Really this added much to my studies.The videos were very clear and the instructor taught us excellently"
"A good course to all those people who wants to learn the python programming from scratch. It has the basic knowledge one should learn before jumping into the actual programming. And yes, felt really happy to see Guido Van Rossum for the first time :)"
" Thanks for this opportunity, It was a very exciting experience for me because this is my first online course, I really enjoyed by the courses especially teacher chuck.I am so grateful, and I hope one day make you proud to teach me and make what I am. "
This is my first online course that I  have ever completed. I am the same person who has attempted doing various courses at various platforms but this time I could do it only because the way Professior kept it simple  and engaging. Thank you so much.
"Awesome lecture and resource materials provided in this course. I would happily recommend Charle's p4e course to anyone looking to gain more knowledge in this space. Additionally, this was my first Coursera experience and I must say it was fantastic!"
I really enjoyed this course a lot. Dr. Chuck is excellent at teaching and making programming interesting. I had tried learning python before from various other sources but I used to later get bored and quit. This course however was very interesting.
"Learned a lot within a week! Really good teacher that explains the course well. The start can be a bit slow as it has a lot of theory, however it is well worth it and enhances your understanding of python. Will definitely continue the specialization. "
I started my journey for Python with this course around 8 months ago and I can surely say the course has provided a very good foundation. Professor Charles is a great lecture. Exercises and Assignments will definitely make a student think. Thank you.
This is an excellent beginner's resource. And I'd just like to say thank you to Prof. Charles Severance for providing this course. These free resources for the sake of passing on knowledge are so crucial  in making programming available to everybody.
"Awesome course for beginners, any one from non computing background also can enroll to this course and start learning Python programming.Dr Charles makes programming with Python real fun and easy.This the coolest course in Coursera coz of Dr Charles."
"Prof Chuck is one of the funniest professor I've ever heard. Good sense of humor paired with high experiences in teaching, excellent teaching materials (perfect difficulty for the quizzes and assignment). I would like to be such a good lecturer once!"
"Charles Severance is a BRILLIANT teacher.  The way he explains the content, and how he asures that you UNDERSTAND the basics of Python programming makes this course great. Highly recomendable for those who aim getting strong basic programming skills."
"I have been out of College for 10 years and had a little experience with C, C++, and Visual Basic so this course really helped me dust off the cobwebs of coding in general and start done the path of learning Python.  Definitely Recommend this Course."
Excellent introductory course to Python and programming in general.  I recommend this course to anyone who could like to learn either.  The instructor has an excellent teaching style which has inspired me to continue learning Python and programming.
"It is an excellent course if you are considering learning Python or programming for that matter. The instructor, Prof. Severance is excellent in his teachings and explains the concepts clearly with intuitive examples. I highly recommend this course."
A very well designed and streamlined course for anyone looking to begin with Python. Prof. Chuck is an amazing instructor and explains every bit quite nicely. Assignments and quizzes are also well designed and very useful to supplement the learning.
I had a great start with basic programming and thanks Dr. Chuck for being elaborative on little details n making programming seem a smooth task. Thanks for all the bonus videos too that is encouraging and interesting while progressing on the course.  
"  just completed the course, at first i thought it will be boring like all other online programmes but when i stared spending time there i realized that it became very interesting , not only the teaching stuff but the interviews were also really nice.  "
A must for beginners. This was my very first online course and i loved it. The instructor is very well versed and the forum was a way to clear your doubts. Overall an excellent way to start off with an online course. Thank you and All the very best. 
Really good for people who have no programming experience and even better for people who know other programming languages because this course makes it easier to understand python fastly. The instructor is the best python instructor i have ever seen.
"I have never been introduced to python before, in this course, I had a hard time studying. I need to watch the videos again and again. Not just python, I haven't been introduced to programming before, it's a very good introduction to my programming."
"For an individual to get started with programming, this is the best course with all the fundamental concepts explained clearly with simple examples. This course also teaches how to program and implement all the theoretical concepts very efficiently."
its amazing to have such teachers to help students from the scratch.although Im an engineer and have learned the basics of java and C-language but for a fresher its also the best way to start the python career. I'm looking forward to all the courses
"This is not my first programming class, but I did appreciate Dr. Chuck's approach to the material.  I believe his style makes the subject matter much better approachable for persons not already indoctrinated to the art and profession of programming."
Nice course. Useful for a complete beginner to the world of programming. Not so much for a programmer who's trying to learn a new language as the course tends to focus a lot on the very basics of programming and it might get boring for a programmer.
 I am very satisfied with the course. Our Mentor Charles Severance sir explained the entire course in a very organised and in a very sequential manner. I am extremely satisfied with coursera as well and Iooking for exploring more courses on coursera. 
"This is the perfect course for people who want to learn programming and without any previous programming skills. Dr. Chuck is an excellent teacher and he explains everything in a simply way, making it easy for you to understand. Thank you, Coursera!"
ONE OF THE BEST WAY TO LEARN.WHATEVER IT IS IT'S ALL ABOUT THE WAY  OF TEACHING BY PROF.CHARLES AND I HAVE NEVER SEEN OR EXPERIENCED SUCH AN PLATFORM WHERE A TEACHER COMES TO LEVEL OF STUDENTS AND TAKES AN INITIATIVE TO TEACH HIS CONCEPT PRACTICALLY
"This is a really clear and understandable introduction to Python. Dr. Chuck is the perfect guy to teach it. You'll not only learn how to write some good Python and solve some problems, but to understand the meaning and the 'why', not just the 'how'."
"The course is very basic and a perfect start for a newbie and my major takeaway is learning how to identify silly mistakes which I learned during my assignments. The instructor is very good and spoon-fed everything, hence a great start for a newbie."
"I thought It would be difficult to learn new language but as I went through the courses thoroughly, it was quite more precise and efficient. Thanks for the course, I suggest there is no regret in taking this course for beginners from any background. "
"This is the best introduction to python that I've seen. I've completed Codecademy's python courses and attempted to learn from various webpages and books, but it wasn't until this course that I finally understood how python works. Thanks, Dr. Chuck!"
"  If you know nothing about programming and want to get started, this is the perfect course for you. Mr.Chuck, the instructor, explains in the simplest way possible and provides multiple examples for each chapter.Definitely worth the time and effort!
"
"Hello Charles sir, good evening sir, its evening in india now :-) , excellent teaching sir, all concepts were clearly taught and made us to use those concepts while programming. thank you very much sir for providing  us an platform to learn python. "
"The class is very helpful, especially for beginners with no programming fundamentals. He teaches in a simple but constructive way yet he also makes the otherwise complex topic less taxing through his humour filled and student friendly teaching ways  "
This course has immensely helped me to understand the basics of Python Programming .I am really grateful to coursera as well as Dr. Charles Severence for giving me this opportunity to learn better and upgrade myself with the best possible knowledge
I indeed enjoyed learning this course from Charles Russell Severance who made programming seem simple and fun. Now it is safe to say I am acquainted with Python at a basic level. I am really grateful that I had the privilege of using financial aid.
"Fantastic course! I have been so excited for all the lectures, quizzes and assignments during this course. I cannot remember the last time I was challenged to this extent on Coursera's platform. I cannot recommend this course enough - go do it now!"
A good course for beginners who have little experience in programming. For more seasoned programmers a bit more detailing. A big thanks to professor Chuck for making the course highly interactive and the motivational series after chapters is great.
Ottimo corso per chi è alle prime armi con la programmazione in generale. Per chi ha già fondamenti sulla logica di programmazione e conosce gia alcuni linguaggi il corso lo svolge più rapidamente e senza troppe difficoltà.Nel complesso molto buono
"Quite interesting introduction to Python, Mostly focusing on the important components of the language. Looking forward to other courses using the same format. Thank you Mr.Charles for the subject i had a good knowledge and hope it would be useful.   "
if you are new to coding this is the best course you could have. I will also recommend read free ebook python for everybody book it is available at py4e website. Dr.chuck teaching style is very absorbing the way he explains topics is just awesome.
"Dr. Chuck's lectures are pretty well detailed about it contents. The way he explains the topics, it is very easy to understand and grasp the concept behind it. It is must take course for new programmers, irrelevant of their educational background."
"  Well frankly speaking, i had no prior coding experience in Python. Prof. chuk has definitely made it too simple for every noob to start this language without fear. I am planning to go ahead with this course in order to upgrade what i started with.  "
"First of all, I recommend buying or printing the book, most of the time you don't need it at the begining, but when closing in to week 5, 6 and 7 I found it useful.The course: I have tried several online courses and this is, imho, by far the best!"
"This course was thorough, was instructive and was incremental. I had no trouble following the concepts or the flow of instruction. I should have started here, long ago, when I first started learning to code. Thank you for constructing this course. "
"I had some basic knowledge of Python before I took this course. This course filled some gaps especially in the field of loops and I really enjoyed it. Since I actually knew the material and only had some gaps, finishing this course took me 3 days. "
This course helps me a lot to learn basics python. I would like to recommend my friends who to learn python if I would suggest them. I would like to learn more about python. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to learn python courses for free.
In this course with Dr. Chuck it was an amazing experience with the teaching skills of his and the curse material provided in it was also an amazing source of learning.after this course I would also like to take the subsequent course from coursera
Most programming languages and most classes require a substantial amount of time installing and just getting going. I was able to dive into both within minutes. The explanations are outstanding and easy to follow. Am really enjoying these courses. 
"It is super easy and clear.  The class is perfectly deisigned for people who do not have little coding experience. The only pity is that the class is wordy ( but of course, the purpose is to make coding fun). I will highly recommended this course."
Provides the very basics of Python. Lectures were colourful and easy to understand and the assignments were sufficient and helpful. Also provides bonus videos which are very informative. The course could have progressed a lot faster in my opinion.
"Professor Charles Severance is a delightful guide for Python, has a genuine infectious passion for the subject that has made completing the course an absolute joy. I very much look forward to the next courses within this specialization. Thank you."
"I learned a lot from this course, having already used python before to write and define functions within my graduate courses. I believe this course will help to verify what I have learned and give me continuing opportunities as a lifelong learner."
Thanks for providing me this course on behalf of financial help.It was not possible to take class from outside for me.Thanks coursera and Thanks Clarles Severance Sir for providing best lecture from zero Level.Now I have built confidence on python
"Fantastic introductory course to programming. Dr Charles Severance makes learning how to code in Python fun, excting and a rewarding experience. I highly recommend this course to anybody wanting to get into programming without any prior knowledge. "
"It's my first time on Python and I was scared to not be able to understand how a programming language works. Nevertheless, the course is well structured and exciting specially due to Dr. Chuck's teaching. The best is when the assignment ends well."
"Professor Severance did an excellent job at explaining and demonstrating the concepts in this course which made it easier for me to grasp the subject. This course was challenging, but rewarding as I successfully completed each quiz and assignment."
Professor Severance is a appreciably comical man and I've found it very easy to grasp concepts in Python programming under his guidance. I like the pace of his video lectures and suggest that he maintain this level of concision mixed with clarity. 
"The course is fantastic! Even though you have never heard about programming. The professor is awesome and really clear in his explanations. It seems to me like a real time lecture: whatever is my question, he answers it on the very next minute! :)"
"I liked how the instructor broke down each topic in simpler terms. Personally I hate it when other professors use complicated terms, it is a hassle to me since I have to pause and then search for its meaning. I truly enjoyed learning this course."
"This course was so understandable, more like the instructor made this course live up to the name - Programming for Everybody. I, a complete novice in Python, found wanting myself to learn more and more from the same instructor. Kudos to Dr Chuck!"
"I was novice to programming. Despite my hectic schedule of working (I am heading a department in a technical institute), Dr. Chuck made to understand the basics of Python I could complete the course in about 5 weeks. Planning to take next course."
The Overall Course is Perfect and the way instructor clears his message to the students is unique. The Interview videos in the course motivate students to learn more. I would suggest students to take this course before this course is worth taking
This is one of the best courses I have ever been a part of. The course is very informative and the live examples have made the learning process easy and motivating.I would recommend this course to everyone who wants to learn python or programing.
Great course for beginners who are learning programming new as well as for those who know programming but want to learn python. With help of this course I easily learned the basics of python and hope to learn more from 'Programming for Everybody'
"It was very nice experience to study online in Coursera . It is One of the best online course I have seen so farDr.chuck is a very good instructor. I loved his each and every class , the way he interacts and coolness while teaching. Thank you sir"
Thanks for giving me this golden opportunity and I loved the way you taught me. My future goal is to be a Data scientist and I am gonna be back for the Data structure classes. Again Thanks a lot for teaching me what is Python in such an easy way.
"This course was awesome. I've studied some Python, but Dr. Chuck was an excellent instructor and made it very easy to understand concepts that might be confusing to a new developer. I would recommend this course to anyone wishing to learn Python."
Dr. chunk is a great person. While learning this online course in coursera I never find my self getting bored studying. the way Dr.Chunk takes this lecture class is awesome. this course mostly has a video lecture so you will be going to enjoy it. 
An effective course  of python programming for the beginners who have just started programming. It's a great initiative by the coursera community to facilitate and help the students with the online courses to seek some great skills and knowledge.
Great course for beginners. I studied all programming fundamentals in school and was just trying to learn Python. I found that this course is very good for anyone that is trying to learn fundaments of programming even you have no prior knowledge.
"Videos are clear and all the assignments are very useful to actually understand and output all the things I learned.Even though I am very new to programming, he starts from very basic and goes slowly which made me more motivated about the course."
I have never properly learnt a computer programming language. Had always a feeling of falling behind for not knowing any programming language. This course gave me the confidence to understand the basic way of doing and thinking about programming. 
I hadn't done any programming in about 10 years so this course was a great refresher to basic concepts. It also taught me the basic syntax of Python (which is new to me). It is very well taught and gives you a good little starting-out foundation.
I would've never thought I'd understand what I understand after only a few weeks of watching videos! Really impressed with how engaging the professor is and how they've structured this first course. Praying I feel as motivated in those to come =)
"This is a very good course for Python. I learn a lot, including how to install Python, how to write simple code on Python. The professor is pretty good at teaching, explaining the knowledge very clearly. I appreciate this course and thanks a lot."
"This is really a great course, the profressor is so nice , he make the class easy to understand and interesting,also arouse my enthusiam about learning python,I really appreaciate and grateful to the professor and teaching assistants.Thanks alot."
"It is one of the best courses available on any MOOC. It is for absolute beginners and people knowing any  prog language might feel like skipping ahead in some of the  videos. But nonetheless, it is a great course and Dr.Chuck is a great teacher !"
"this course is for some one who is new to python  programming and is one of the best course i have taken ,good explanation , and great enthusiastic teacher Mr.Charles Severance I really liked the way he handled the explanation for  various topics"
"This is a beginner friendly, computer science 101 course. Professor Chuck explains the concept and mindsets behind the programming language extremely well. I learned how to code, and, more importantly, how to think like a computer when executing."
"Am very delight and happy in coursera. its a very useful and important program for the student. i love coursera, and am very grateful for this opportunity am given to be a partaker because its free. God bless coursera and the sponsorships member"
It is the best course for those who have no background in any programming language. In this course they started from the ground level and it's really easy to understand the python. And Dr.Chuck is best Teacher for Python. It's like Master to me.
It was an amazing experience being able to more about how process inside a computer goes and its a lot different from what we see and know on the surface. being able to talk and instruct computers was absolutely a breathtaking experience for me.
"one of the best courses i have ever finished.Mr.chuck severance breaked everything into little pieces so that a begginer is able to understand.fun filled videos and made me think so much when solving assignments,which is great.god bless Mr.chuck"
if you're into computer coding and programming you should definitely think about taking this course. It will help you get a better understanding on how to write programs using Python and understanding how the computer interprets the information. 
Very accessible and the prof made the material very easy to understand.  I spent several weeks trying to learn from Youtube channels and this was the best class I was able to take.  I am now signing up for the next classes.  Thanks for the help.  
"It is a very good course for beginners as very basic python is taught in this course. Dr. Chuck is really good professor. Also, bonus videos were quite informative and we could look at the ideas through which some people started great platforms."
This course was an amazing experience for me. It has changed my perspective on programming. Now I find programming much easier and interesting. The way of teaching is highly impressive and appreciable. I would love to take other courses as well.
This course is easy to understand and simple. It's a little slow going at first but once it picks up I felt as though the information was well presented and I liked referring back to the videos if I was having issues with the graded assignments. 
"Is a great course to start with Python, they teach you the first elements, all the context, iterations, conditionals... I think is a great tool to get started, also the teacher had great examples  to make his points clear and really good videos."
"I very much enjoyed the course. And although I had no background in programming, I was able to follow the instructions and do the required coursework. The explanations each week were very good and understandable! I can only recommend the course."
"I'm a mid-30s sales professional looking to pick up new skills.  This was fun. I'm a little fuzzy on the big picture of what I can use python to do in my work, but I know I'll find an application. I'm going to continue the program to learn more."
This course is just wonderful for a newbie like me. Know nothing about programming before but still be able to catch up with the course and even write a bit of codes in the final assignment. I'm satisfied with what I accomplished in this course.
An amazing course that really starts in a way I could understand.  I did not know anything about Python and now I can do some basics.  This is a critical course to get started with and lay the foundation for all of the other courses.  Thank you!
This course was absolute amazing. Professor Severance is both hilarious and so intelligent. He made learning this new language fun and beneficial. At times there were areas where I had to go re-watch one of the lessons but it was well worth it!. 
"Profound and accessible course to get into programming. Having learned C++ previously, I took this course to get into Python specifically and to refresh the basics. This worked great as you can do all the courses and exercises at your own speed. "
Thanks for the Teacher Charles Severance. He is really knows how to teach students. Through out the course i engaged with the content and exercises examples are very to good to learn. and Thanks to Coursera for giving us such a nice opportunity.
"Fantastic presentation of the course by Dr. Charles Severance. I would recommend this course to everybody. Immaterial of what your level of expertise is in Python, believe me, you can take this course and be more than satisfied with your choice."
I have been programing Python for a few years but I found some useful stuff in this course. The way Dr. Service explains things clears up little questions that I have had in the back of my mind for years. I would take any course that he teaches. 
"It's a
perfect course for beginners with as it is very paced and explains everything
you need to even if you have no knowledge whatsoever of programming. I really
really recommend it for people who want to start navigating the programming
world!"
"This course was very funny and very easy to complete. The professor is great and i think that his method is perfect for someone who approach a programming language for the first time. Everything is explained in simple way, with a lot of examples "
"For beginners in programming is very good. For someone who have some experience with other programming languages, this first course is too much easy but has interesting things (interviews, etc.) anyway so it is not a waste of time even for then."
"Awesome explanation from Dr Charles although I did feel like the exercises were more complex than the examples given, my feeling is that it wouldn't hurt to just do examples as complicated as the exercises , other than that, it was all amazing!"
Learning Python with Dr. Charles Russell Severance was a great experience. I am very glad to have joined this course. Its very informative in the details of the words written in the code. I am very much looking forward to learn the next course. 
"coursera is the best platform to learn python 3. i am impressed with the schedule and felt happy while working on assignments, quiz. Thanking you Coursera team, University of Michigan and Special thanks to my python 3 instructor Sir Dr Charles. "
"Overall the course is great and the teacher is amazing.Suggestions: might need a video to talk about the last assignment, coz even after I got it done, there are still some confusion, and really hope there could be one more video to explain it."
"Great Course to start for students with no programming experience , Dr. Chuck was absolutely Phenomenal!!! . I'm very excited to take the next course of this specialization. I'm now a fan of Dr.Chuck!!Thank you Dr.Chuck and Thank you Coursera!!"
"A highly encouraging course for people who have not interacted with code before. Professor Chuck's lectures were both concise, engaging yet professional. I will definitely recommend this course to anyone who wants a crash course on programming. "
"Great course for beginners. Not applicable for intermediate programmers but the video with the creator of Python, was awesome and very inspiring. The instructor was so cool. I love the course but the quiz and assignments seems really very easy. "
"I will definitely enroll to next level of this course. I spent 3 days to finish this ""getting started"" course without drop off. This showed the value of this course that a. bring me in the gate; b. keep me motivated; c. wider my view on coding. "
"Python made easy and captivating. Dr. Chuck just knows his thing and he has a hold of how to deliver it to other people. Thank you for this amazing course and to Dr. Chuck, many students await your amazing way of delivering the course material."
"Informative, easy to learn and a great stepping stone for anyone wanting to learn python programming (especially for those without any prior programming knowledge like me). Thank you Chuck and all the associated staff for this wonderful course."
Highly recommend this course to everyone who has little coding experience. The content is fundamental and useful. Love Dr. Charles's teaching method so much! And you can also attain great help from TA through attending weekly  discussion board.
"I didn't buy the certificate, but I really love this course!Dr. Charles Severance explained python in a very interesting way so that we can understand it easily.I will continue to other python courses he taught and enjoy my programming journey!"
"Amazingly simple (too simple at times) and easy to understand. This instructor is clearly passionate and knowledgeable about the subject, and makes the examples as funny and interesting as possible. I learned a lot and enjoyed every assignment."
"A wonderful course useful for beginners and the style of the lecturer is beautiful and interesting ...
But the level of translation in Arabic is not at the required level ...
However a useful course on which future information can be based ..."
"Charles Russell Severance is amazing teacher!  Course is absolutely great for the beginner level: clear explanation, good examples, very efficient lessons, short and to the point.So far this is the best program I have taken on-line. Thank you!  "
"I loved how the course instructor took from 0 and made python seemed so easy to grab. Amazing work with the assignments and quiz, it does test the our knowledge well. In all, it was worth  my time. Thank you Coursera for this service of yours."
"Интересный курс ""для самых маленьких в программировании"". Классный профессор, с юмором и очень подробными объяснениями как всё работает. Единственное, хотелось бы более профессиональную среду разработки вроде Visual Studio с отладкой и прочим. "
"I wasn't new to programming but awful at it. I was new to the syntax of Python and took up the course to learn the language. But it was a fun course and I also improved my Fundamentals. Thanks to Professor Severance for the amazing experience,"
"I loved the way this course is built. I didn't know anything about python but in a week, after completing this course I am very much acquainted with it. Dr.Chuck is good at doing what he does. Definitely looking forward to o the next courses!! "
"it's a great course even a person with zero knowledge of programming can get it , it is made for everybody as it's name suggest , i further proceed the ongoing specialization course and recommend it for those who want to start from very basic."
"  This is a great course. The teacher not only knows his material, but has a lot of experience working with first time programmers and so knows what errors they are likely to make and what questions they are likely to ask and addresses them all.   "
"it was a goood experience learning this. Ton be frank i dont know single thing in python. I was scared of myself.But now i learned, even though i have a lot to learn alot my leaarning started from here. and also i am confident i can do python."
"Excellent Course by far. I was searching for Python online tutorial. Finally I landed on right place !!!!Kudos to the Instructor for his exceptional lectures. I am confident, I can complete the remaining 4 parts in less time. I am confident :) "
"Rather slow in the Introduction with technical stuffs on computer hardware and all, not quite related to programming skills, but in the end I picked up lessons quite nicely. This is my first-ever online course that I've successfully completed!"
"
It was a great course overall.All the concepts are explained very well.It is recommended for beginners.

The programming assignments are good for practice of all the concepts 
learnt.And also there are  extra learning and practicing materials.
        

"
"Outstanding course by Dr. Chuck, the name is truly accurate, anyone can learn Python. It's been a while since I wanted to learn a new skill within Programming, but for some reason the learning experience wasn't as clear and direct as this one."
"This course made my day! before doing this course, programming was a horror to me. But now this course helped me to love programming. A very special thanks to  Professor Charles Russell Severance without whom this journey wouldn't be possible."
"Easy to follow. Charles seemed to have put a lot of thought into the pedagogy. Foundational elements are strung together in a logical, reinforcing order that aids the learning process.  Looking forward to the next course in the specialization.  "
"Truly glad to be able to complete one of many more courses to come.Even though it is the first of 5 courses in the specialization ,I would like thank Dr. Chuck for helping out students like us in every possible way.He made us this learning fun"
"Excellent Intro to Python and programming in general.  Professor Chuck take the time to explain in detail the ins and outs for how functions work, for example, rather than rushing through it.  Invaluable instruction for any beginner!Thank you!"
"Great content, especially for someone without coding background. Online lectures are very useful for learning at my own pace. And I can replay the videos whenever I need to. Great quizzes and assignments to make sure I have learnt the content."
With no knowledge in Python and scared of if i will be able to make it through the 1st course. I will say the clear explanations and examples has really gotten me through. i'm very glad and look forward to the next class. thanks Dr. Chuck.....
"It was a good course , I really have a programming background so many concepts were very easy to me , but the teaching mean made it more enjoyable. 
I really want to complete all of the programming courses related this series Thanks Mr.Charles "
This course is amazing!If somebody is already familiar with a programming language it'll take just about a week to complete this course.The instructor presents the course in very simple and clear language which makes understanding even better!
"If you have a programming background (I have) then this course really simple. Some might say too simple, but for me it was useful to 'get back into the game'. Also, simple isn't necessarily a bad thing. I understood everything, and enjoyed it."
"Covers the very basics of python. Even if you are new to programming (not only python), this course gets your simple programming knowledge right. Charles is one of the best professor i have seen, who involves his student in the video lectures. "
This Course is just awesome. Sir I truly feel that you have done a wonderful job in establishing this course. The content of this course is taught in a very easy way and so coding doesn't seem to me as much terrifying as it was before for me.
"It was a great time learing about python as a beginier. Thankyou Dr. Charles Severance for introducing me to this language in such a good way. This Course taught me the basics of python like usage of variables, functions, loops and much more."
"For someone who never coded before this was a great way of learning ,I finished the first 7 weeks in three days. keep in mind i spent between 5-6 hours a day and wrote notes while watching the video.I would recommend this than reading a book. "
Very useful book. The instructor is very well equipped and has a great way of teaching. It was a pleasure being his student and acquiring some of his knowledge. I look forward doing more courses under your instructions. Thank you Charles sir.
"What an excellent professor! He starts with the basic of the basic material, and at no point does any of it seem overwhelming even for a newbie like me. His vision, ideology, and passion is almost palpable. Looking forward to the next course!"
"An excellent course for beginners, who are willing to learn python. The instructor is very good at explaining things  and all the lectures were very clear and easy to understand. I recommend this course for beginners who like to learn python."
"This course was amazing!!!! Though I learnt some programing years ago, this course just refreshed my mind back!!! Understandable videos, proper guideline, good assignments all are in one package!!! Mr. Severance is a very good teacher indeed."
"Really helpful and well explained. Was finding it hard to believe that as a beginning, I could start grasping the ground concepts of programming. And it is possible. Thank you Dr. Chuck, Coursera and University of Michigan for the oportunity."
Dr. Chuck makes the subject matter fun and easy to learn.  Just need to follow along and he helps make sense of the control flow.  Cannot wait for the next courses to expand on this foundation of Python knowledge of Python.  Thanks Dr. Chuck.
Very good course! Amazing! I can easily follow it without much pressure and I am pretty sure I have learnt what I get from the class. The book attached by the course is also very good. I believe it would help me build a fundamental of Python!
I've started Python Basics course various times offered by many others but was never hooked to it as I was to this one. It was simplified for a non-programmer and alas I have made a head start with Python. Thank You for this wonderful course.
"  This is a great course. The teacher not only knows his material, but has a lot of experience working with first time programmers and so knows what errors they are likely to make and what questions they are likely to ask and addresses them all  "
A nice start to Python Programming. It covers all the essential knowlegde. The videos and the notes were very helpful and the instructors very clarifying. I definitely recommend this course to anyone who wants to get started with programming.
"I feel good to take this class. The content of each class is very clear, the structure of the whole course is reasonable. I learnt it day by day, step by step. I can feel my progress. I will continue learning more couses about Python. Thanks. "
"If you don't know how to program, this is a great introduction. For me since I know how to program (but not in Python), it was an introduction to the Python language. I appreciated being able to run lectures at 1.25 speed to complete quickly."
"amazing course!! Mr. Chuck is an amazing teacher, and the lessons are greatly planned and organized. This was my first time coding ever, and I had no trouble keeping up, and I also had a lot of fun!!! Best of all, its FREE for first week!!!!!"
A very good intro class for Python. Dr. Severance gives a detailed and interesting explanation for definitions and usage. Works great for people barely have programming background. Hope there would be more assignment or exercise for practice. 
"I recommend it to absolute beginners to programming. For those new to Python but otherwise, good programmers, this course gently introduces you to Python in an effortless manner. great course for programming beginners and those new to python."
"I found this course really enjoyable. The instructor is really awesome and motivating. This course gives a good kickstart in the world of Python. To me, this is the best course available for someone who is just starting to learn programming."
I am very much impressed with Dr Chuck as his method of teaching is phenomenal. Sometimes this course looks boring but Dr Chuck initiates some interesting topics and exercises. So auto-grader tool really helps and python is very interesting.
"It is the best python introduction course i've ever learned. It makes you realize what is python and what we have to do with python. It was amazing.Now, I'm going to do the 2nd course of this specialization. Thanks to University Of Michigan."
"Amazing course delivery, I have never understood programming easier than this, simple and easy to interpret and also slow paced for beginners to work on it. Loved it. Thank you so much sir for this wonderful course and excellent explanation."
The course has been designed in a comprehensible way which allows beginners to proceed without any confusions. I would recommend this course to anyone who would like to give a try to coding. Intuitive courses like this are really motivating.   
"The TA's are great. Quick to respond, and give insight without giving the answer. All the documentation has information worth reviewing, ie the chapters. I wish I had read the literature before watching the videos, but all in all it's great."
"I like Mr chuck as my instructor for this python course, although i was waiting for my application to be approved, i audited all the videos in course one and i had done the assignments from py4e.com and boom submit !, off to next course !!.."
"I loved it.  I took a couple of other online ""courses"" before this one, but I liked this the best.  I will be continuing on with the rest of the Python courses offered here.  Thank you so much for creating such a great computer based course."
"This is my first course in Coursera, it's so excellent a trip. The content is so friendly for the beginners to start with and the logic in teaching methods are nice, too. Hope someday I can continue my further study with again. Thanks a lot."
"The course content is pretty concise. Because I have programming background of JAVA before, I can see the course is not only informative but also concisely concisely straight to the crucial point, although I am not familiar with the Python."
"i was happy to here, that i was a part of this course and i had learned something new by this course. the instructor had done a great thing, that the way of teaching and the way of expressing the things very interestingly.Thanking you......"
"I have learn lot of things regarding python in this course including types of data types, variables, operators, loop and functions. Moreover, I would recommend this course to the freshers who are truly new to the programing and also python."
"Dr. Severance is really engaging and he does a great job of explaining the concepts and he starts from the beginning - including how to open terminals and install python. In college, so many professors skipped those steps. Highly recommend!"
In the certificate of coursera there is mentioned only the name of student but not mentioned from where that student belongs to and the institution of the student where he/she works/study and not any photo or signature of student.Thank you.
"AMAZING COURSE! For me as aa biologist who was always frightened by programming, it worked perfectly well. Thank you for all the ""python doesn't mean you are a bad person"". It kept me motivated and helped me to believe that I can do coding. "
"Awesome course for beginners, even if you do not have any knowledge of programming, you can take this course as the course contents are taught from very basic level. The videos were explained very easily, it was fun while doing this course."
"Good introductory class for Python programming language, though a little basic for my needs. I would have liked it to be coupled with the second course in the specialization, but ultimately that didn't detract from the utility of the class."
"Thanks to Dr. Charles Severance, he conducted the course over python very nicely, this course helped me in knowing about python's basic and it helped to know detail about python program.Once again a hartfull thanks to Dr. Charles Severance. "
"I have taken many Python courses, but taking this course from Dr. Chuck is like starting Python from scratch. Dr. Chuck doesn't assume that you know anything, which is great. I cannot wait to complete the other courses. Thank you Dr. Chuck."
"The best Python course out there. I love this professor. I have tried many Python courses in the past from other sources, but I always got bored after the first initial sessions. Either too simple or too complex. This is perfect. Thank you!"
"This course enables us to get the basics quite quickly. As I have already experienced other programming languages, this was pretty easy to me. I am looking forward to getting to next chapters.Thanks for your pedagogic approach of the course"
This is a fantastic course for anyone who wants to learn more about the power of coding and has very little experience. The professor is funny and speaks in a way that is very easy to learn from and makes you want to continue learning more. 
Really enjoyed this course! The instructor was very informative and made it easy to understand. It's also great knowing we're able to go at our own pace. Though there were a few assignments that threw a few curve/tricky situations to solve.
Good course! Prof Chuck's teaching is remarkable as he makes concepts easy to understand. Also the interviews in bonus videos were quite inspiring. Thanks to the entire team for catering us with a wonderful programming experience. Kudos! :)
"Simple to understand. For those who have no programming or computer science background this would be easy, or should I say it would not be too difficult to go through lecture materials. The best thing I love are the quizzes and assignments."
I took this lesson as a computer engineer to learn basic applications about Python. The lesson was very useful and I had a lot of fun. The learning materials are wonderful. Thank you for all organizer and the instructurer Charles Severance.
"Extremely easy to follow. The last assignment was a little difficult considering the simplicity of the other assignments, but well worth it. I've already recommended the course to co-workers and I'm looking forward to completing the series. "
"This course is definitely for beginners.  If you want to learn to program, but you aren't sure where to start then this is the course for you.  If you are someone who already knows a bit of programming then this course will seem a bit easy.  "
Great introductory course for beginning programmers. This course helps users build a strong foundation from which to build additional skill sets. I highly recommend this course to anyone interested in learning Python or general programming.
"easy to understand for non-programmers. Love the professor and his humor. As the professor says, you should make sure to understand every single line in your program at this early stage. I'm taking the second part of the specialization now. "
"It's a great non-intimidating introduction into Python. Dr Chuck brings so light and with humor, it really helps a lot for me as a beginner. He uses non technical comparisons that everyone can understand, that was really a big plus for me."
"Instructor knows his material very well and explains everything in a manner that anyone can easily grab, course is helpful for anyone who is just getting started with Python or has some prior experience with any other programming language."
This is really very helpful for me in this pandemic situation. This course will be very helpful for the beginners who really want to know about the Python language. Thanks to Coursera & University of Michigan for creating this opportunity. 
"I definitely recommend this course for everyone who is interested in programming. As it says that it is for everyone, even for people without a background. It was the first step for me in programming but I will go for it to develop myself."
I really enjoyed taking this course because for years I've been wanting to learn Python and I was motivated to finish the course in the least time possible because of how fun it was. The professor was also really clear in his explanations.
learnt a lot and enjoyed while learning.instrcutor was a very cool person and all the lectures were very clean and neat. I was really happy to be entered to this course and hope to continue another python courses in this series l.thnak you
Strongly recommendable for programming beginners. Python is a relatively straightforward language and is more explicit if you wish to do something in a short time. This course covers the basics of Python and it really explains things well.
"I've been learning Python from youtube channels so this course was kind of easy to me, but if I compare both styles of learning, I prefer this one because it has an order and the explanations are so much clear. This is an excellent course!"
"It's an excellent course for someone starting as a beginner and stepping into programming world in this course we get to know basic stuffs like Looping,Iteration,Python Expression etc.....In the end Overall its an Good course to start with"
"Great course, great tutor. Its been fun to complete course. The tutor teach in a fun environment and that makes you retain and attend further video. Things are taught in very simplified manner making learning python possible  to everybody!"
Well this course is very interesting and good to learn. And i would like to thank to Professor Charles who makes it very interesting and enjoyable. And also in this course the questions were easy except the last one which was kinda tricky.
"The instructor starts teaching from very basics which helps non-programmers to get the concepts easily. Moreover, he made the foundation strong by delivering key points that other instructors usually skip this thing to go straight forward."
The course is excellent. Dr. Chuck is an excellent teacher as he can make the difficult terms easy to understand the content and pace of the course is well adjusted. I would recommend the course to anyone who has zero background to Python.
"This is a very simple yet interesting course introducing someone who has no experience in programming before into the world of programming. For those who have already had background in Computer Science, this course is a tad too high-level."
everything you explain even if it is simple or tricky one does explain with the same kind of intensity where we find it interesting and fun to learn without feeling any kind of burden thanks for sharing your valuable knowledge and resource 
The course Programming for Everybody is exceptional and very straightforward. I found the process very easy to follow and all the material was covered well. I definitely recommend anyone interested in learning programming to give it a try!
"This is a very good course with a great instructor, covers alot of the basics to get you going quickly. Clear explanations of the concepts, and provides good examples of their use. Good secondary material and all is available for download."
"Great course! I had forgotten nearly all my programming from college, and this was a great way to get back into the mindset. There's not that many things as satisfying as trying to get your code to work, and finally getting it to function!"
"This course is particularly useful to help people without a computer background understand a variety of computer literacy, to learn a new computer language, and to explain very carefully. Recommend everyone to complete a series of courses."
"Great overview and basics in Python. As a major in Info Systems and turned offering manager, I really enjoyed getting back to this. Dr. Chuck was absolutely fantastic and kept things engaging. Micro Learning is the best to keep engagement. "
"I took this Course time ago and multiple Python Courses, from Coursera, Edx and Code Academy, I really like the explanations and speed of the course, The Professor is awesome, I will recomend this Course to anybody looking to start Coding."
This course was extremely helpful in getting started with Python. Professor Charles made it even more interesting with his style of teaching. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn the basics of programming with Python. 
"It was easy to understand the concept of python on really basic problem statement , though these basic concept was clear cut through examples and assignments, yeah! one could further start in deep learning of python through this platform."
"Great course for beginners! Dr. Chuck makes the lectures really fun, and the bonus material at the end of the week is also interesting. It covers the basics of programming well. Can be finished in a couple of days if you're in the groove."
"  This is an excellent course. The instructor of this course explains the various basics of Python which are very helpful for them who are taking this without even any prior knowledge to Computer Programming.An excellent course by Dr, Chuck  "
I'd suggest this course for anyone who wants to begin coding. Energy of the professor doesn't make this course boring and the course is clear and to the point. The way it makes you think while teaching and solving assignments is fabulous!  
This is an excellent course for the introduction to python coding. It includes many of the basic techniques that has to be learned which forms a good base for learning python. All the concepts are easy to understand with good explanation.
This course is very helpful for beginners. All the basic concept has been demonstrated in a interesting way. Since difficulty level of assignment increases gradually So one can solve graded assignment with ease. Thank you for this course.
"Hey! I am very excited to be here and learned this course and this is very cool and cool course very easy step to learning i really enjoyed in this course with videos,quiz and assignments . Really good job I must be Appreciate this course"
"Gives an easy entry into python, particularly for those with limited programming experience. I had some programming experience, although I never had any formal training in it, and found this course a breeze, and finished it within 2 days."
Amazing course. Very easy to follow and understand. I have just finished my probation on a new job analyzing data using Python :))))) Great Thanks to Charles Russell Severance! Thank you for making it super easy and fun to learn Python :) 
"The course is for novice programmer who wants to learn python, Professor Chuck is amazing. He explained basics of python in such a way that I did not go for other resources to solve the assignments. Thank Prof. Chuck! Thank You Coursera!!"
"Very nice course for beginners in programming. The instructor presents the course with at most clarity , from basics and with bit of humor. The energy with which the instructor teaches is contagious. All bonus videos are extra motivation."
"Awesome course! Learned a lot and was able to take it all in at my own pace. Highly recommend to anyone who is interested in learning python. Great for beginners, not too complicated or hard to understand but you learn a lot and apply it!"
The course is very detailed and helps a beginner or someone who is returning to programming after a break equally. I loved that each chapter had great examples and tests soon after to be able to recollect and apply all the learning. Thank
  i took many online courses from different sites but this is my FIRST course that i finished and made all assignments and quiz ;) was really great and learned new things. thanks for all who prepared and especially thanks to mrs. Charles S.  
"This course has just made me hungry for more , most informative and proper step by step instruction ensures that if applied properly the student has a basic understanding of how powerful  a tool python can be in ones day to day operations"
Prof Chuck has a great personality for teaching and I thoroughly enjoyed learning the basics of Python from this course. I'm excited to continue working on the next course in this series and begin building more complex programs in Python.
"  Great course for beginners, have a lot of interesting examples. The materials are useful and very easy to understand. Thank you so much for the instruction and wish you great success in helping the world learn how to write in DEAR PYTHON!  "
This course is perfect to give you the start on basic programming concepts using Python. It has a very easy way to deliver the information and some interesting videos on the language development and other computer science related topics. 
"Initially, the format of this course was slow and sometimes tedious. But as I advanced, I realized that they were applying a methodology that seeks to excite the student and complement in every way a transversal learning. I recommend it."
It was a really amazing course. The way everything was taught was excellent. Thank you for this course. I really appreciate all of the people who have put their efforts and worked really hard to make this course super easy to understand.  
"It is very suitable for a starter in programming. At first, it is very easy and fundamental. However, only if you make full understanding of the fundamental part, can you solve the problems in the following chapters! What a great course!"
"Excellent Course, My python journey started with this course and it has been an amazing learning experience. If you are planning to start your programming journey especially in Python, this is a must-do course for you! All the very best!"
"yes, this course is very helpful for beginners to understand concepts thoroughly. and mailnly i thank to instructor that he made this python language basics so simple that everyone can learn.again thank u instructor and coursera support."
"Wonderful course for anyone who is new to programming. The assignments allow you to understand the practical applications of Python and help gain deeper understanding of the subject.Well structured and easy to learn, Highly recommended !"
"Very nice course, well explained how python is 'thinking', so you really understand how the program is working if these are your first steps. One of the best thing is, that you have to write your own code and the end of the each chapter."
" The Instructor teaches very well and explains the whole programming process with the patient and thoroughness! Thank you, professor Charles Severance!! You do help me have an initial step with tremendous success in the programming field."
"The course is great for beginners. The instructor is very clear in his teaching. The course material is also quite good. And the course is just at the right pace so you don't get lost anytime. Overall, I would recommend it for beginners!"
really i am feeling very good after the completion of my programming for Everybody course on coursera . It was really a  good experience to learn python on cousera . The instructor is really amazing . His way of teaching is really best .
The way of teaching  this course is very interesting and He adopts the real time example for many conceptsVery proud to do programming for everybody(in python) in coursera and Charels sir nailed it while teaching some concepts loved it🥰
"pretty easy and clearly to get start with a program even you never try this before, especially , there are a lot of bonus that can expand your horizon about python or even the computer science. So, take a try if you never do programming. "
"Excellent! Even if it is an introductory course to programming in python, examples and exercises are a great challenge. Instructor teaches incredibly  and invites to learn more as much programming as python language. Thank you very much."
"Excellent course to get started with Python. I have no prior experience in the field of programming but this course was so easy to follow, had multiple practical exercises to solve, and most importantly, Prof. Charles is a great teacher. "
"I Enjoyed Every Bit of This Course and It was an incredible opportunity to Study Online From One of The Finest University in The World i.e, The University of Michigan and Their Professors Have Just Been Outstanding throughout the course."
"Thanks to Dr.Charles Severance for his great method of teaching that let people even without strong background on coding pick up the lessons easily.If you are new on coding, here is the best start without any fear of coding or confusion."
This is a lovely course indeed. The instructor Charles Severance is full of energy and his teaching style is witty and engaging. Highly recommended course by a  reputable university and a great scholar. Thanks to all  coursera community.
it kind of easy for me since i have some programing knowledge. but teacher tring really hard to make you understand basic concepts. so it is very good for beginners know nothing about programing. btw i spent a hour a day for only a week. 
Great first course to start programming for the first time or to familiarize yourself with Python if you have experience. For the latter it will be a quick review (fun and interactive) and it will get you started on the syntax in Python. 
"I really learn a lot from this course. The professor declare those conceptions in a very detailed way. Although I have learned C++ before,I still get a lot and have a better understanding in programming. Next I will learn data structure. "
"I am excited to finally start learning Python and I found the structure and approach used in the first course in the series very easy to pick up and follow along. Thanks for making this Coursera experience interesting, engaging, and fun!"
Great introduction to python. Good for everyone that never programmed before. And good for everyone that wants to learn the basic syntax of python. Beginners need 2-4 hours per week. Students with prior experience need 30-60min per week.
"It was very useful to understand the first steps in programming and helping me to advance my analytical skills. I would recommend everybody to take this course, especially in today's society where computer programming is key for success. "
Really good course for a person who is new to programming although writing assignments with the autograder is a bit irritating as it catches mistakes like an extra space or small and capital so make sure u take care of these small issues 
My institute syllabus does not include python. This course gave me an opportunity to learn this language in an easy and efficient way. It was indeed an interesting course. The professor explained in a very easy way and learning was fun.  
"Very simple but effective course, I already had programming knowledge prior to this course, and seeing how Prof. Charles breaks things into small pieces was beautiful, he truly makes things easier for students and is a great instructor."
"My best programming course ever. Chuck is an awesome instructor. I just love this. i must continue to the next part as well. 
Course orientation and distribution of the topic were good. I must recommend starting python with this course. "
"This is an amazing course. When I started i knew nothing about programming, and now I understand how programming works and can make my own programms. The teacher is amazing and the course and resources are really good. Best course ever!"
It is a very simple and useful course. It covers all the basics of programming. The explanation is really easy to understand and the professor gives very good examples and exercises. Thank you very much professor for this useful course.
Great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand. Had zero programming experience before and this class made it easy and fun to get into. this is very helpful for beginners.
I really enjoyed this course and learnt basics of python programming. The material were very easy to follow and deliver in a very friendly and engaging manner.I highly recommend this course to anyone just getting started in programming.
This course is very recommended for those who want to learn about Python but have no programming experience before. The instructor delivered the materials in a fun & simple way. It helps you to understand the basic of Python programming
"Charles Severance is the best teacher you could get for learning to code, because he explains everything in a simple and fun way. Thank you sir. Also Coursera has given amazing assignments to check your ability and go to the next level. "
"I am very much satisfied with instructor for the way he was teaching. My undergraduate languages(C or FORTRAN) experience was useful while learning this course. Who ever NO other programming languages experience, it was the best course. "
"The course is very knowledgeable and has very well explained the basics of python for a beginner. From the basics of installing and starting work on python through with variables. conditional statements and loops, it's taught very well."
Best introduction to programming that I can possibly imagine. As a non-computer person I'm extremely grateful to Dr. Severance. I had never seriously attempted programming until now (and way to go). Thank you very much again from Spain. 
Best course which starts from basics and put you at position to start career or write complex coding.Though it's a basic course it gives confidence for moving ahead with python for exploring more and more new things in computer science.
"Its extremely good course to begin with python and gives you lots of positivity and confidence towards start to Python programming language, teacher charles Sir is extremely good in explaining concepts and is the best, Thanks Coursera !"
Great course!. Loved the method adopted to breakdown the concepts of programming. Helped me to overcome the misgivings about programming and I am now genuinely interested in learning more. Thank you to the  whole team and  Mr. Severance
That was really a great course. I have learnt many things about Python. Python language is very helpful for nowadays. Thanks to Dr Chuck for his valuable lectures and the method of learning. His lecture makes every lesson so easy to me.
"I liked so much. Even though I have already knowledge with programming, Python is a new language to me and the way the course was presented, all people, even with no previous experience could afford to complete and take advantage of it."
"This course is designed for people who is eager to take Python lessons ,it gives great opportunity for people who wanna a long distance study, really appreciate. it is almost for charity work,hope one day I could join in this great grou"
I love that the lecturer gives all the information sequentially and in such high details. Even the beginners will be able to get them easily. I was able to complete course 1 within 3 days thanks to how interesting the whole program was.
"Dr. Severance organized this course very well,  and the assignments are beneficial for me to master the concepts (teaching staff in the forum are very responsive to learner's questions!). I will continue to learn this series of courses."
"Simple but effective course for beginners in programming. The instructor is friendly, the videos are well paced. You can increase the speed of the videos if you fell you are grasping things faster. Would recommend to absolute beginners. "
It is a very interesting and inspiring course. Charles explain the complicated theories in Python in a way that is pretty easy to understand. It is definitely a good course for anybody who seeks to start his or her experience of Python. 
Great content and perfectly designed for people with no previous knowledge on programming or any IT background. Classes are very well structured and easy to follow. Gives you the right basis to move forward with more learning of Python.
"Great materials and practical examples which guide you step by step through the basics of Python.However, this introductory course is also universal, shows language structures and logic which is used in many other programming languages.  "
"  Great introduction to programmng and Phython, I never wrote code before, now I want to enroll in the specialization and learn much more! It could be improved with aditional practical excersises, or externl sources on where to find some. "
"I'm very lucky that I can learn with Professor Severance online.I've never studied computer science before,but this matters little for the reason that Professor Severance always talks clearly and vividly.Hope that his courses can be lis"
" Great
way to start programming in python. The course is well structured, easy
to follow, and understand. A big thanks to Dr. Severance. He has a
humorous and engaging style of teaching. Overall, very satisfied and
found it very useful.    "
"Before taking this class, all I know about python is 'P-Y-T-H-O-N'. After taking this class, I can say that,'i can able to write some little programs using python'. I want to thank the instructor for this course and he is good teacher."
Dr Chuck is a good teacher. If you are a beginner to programming and want to learn python then go for this course with closed eyes. For a veteran it may seems to be slow paced but its good to build up the foundation. Happy Programming.
This course is very helpful to know the basics about Python. The instructor is very  well-known about what the learners are thinking which helps to learn accurately. Everybody with no knowledge about Python should complete this course.
"Pro.Charles teaches very detailed and easy to understand. The course setting is also gradual and easy for beginners, so I learned a lot of new knowledge from this course. Overall it's a good course experience. Thanks again Pro.Charles！ "
 The course is awesome and chuck sir is teaching very nice .The python for everybody is teach you starting and when you complete all the weeks and quiz and external graded question you feel like oh!it's so easy.thanks! charles severence 
"Amazing course !!Highly recommended !! anyone who has interest in programming but has no prior programming knowledge , this course is the best to start. It also crystal clears all doubts regarding regarding Python Programming Language. "
I learnt so much in this course. You will get to know the basics of Python Language in a  very easy & friendly environment. Special mention to the professor who made it very easy. Their personality & sarcasm made it fun to learn python
This is a great course for beginners. I was already using Python for my own programming projects prior to this course but I still wanted to take it to renew my knowledge. Professor Charles Severance is now one of my favourite teachers.
This course helped me a lot to understand the basics of python programming language. Thanks to Coursera for this opportunity of learning this course. The professor was really good and the things that he used for explanations were epic.
"It was a very good course, especially for me who had no prior knowledge about programming before this course. I was able to work on my basics thoroughly. I hope that many students will take this opportunity to increase their knowledge. "
It's a great and it contains lot stuff about python and it is very good course for the beginners.Keep doing the courses like this and you COURSERA people are doing great job and providing the platform to the students.AWESOME...........
"  Its interesting to learn from one of the Top Rated University like University Of Michigan Cos I am satisfied with the mentor namely sir Charles Severance.He taught us from ground to top.So I rated this course 5 star.Anyway,Thanks..Sir.  "
"Really a great course, Dr Chuck is a natural teacher, he is really funny and he knows how to make the material easy for you to digest, it was really a good time spent in this course and looking forward to other courses from Dr Chuck :)  "
I'd recommend this course because it's really easy and shows you that coding isn't as daunting as it seems to be. I would also recommend completing this in a hurry and moving on to the rest of the courses offered in the specialization. 
One of the great course I've enrolled online. This instructor is very specific in understanding a topic and also very engaging. I like the way he taught python programming in this course and I would like to complete the specialization.
This course was excellent. Dr Chuck is a brilliant teacher - he has the ability to explain difficult concepts in a clear and uncomplicated way. I would recommend this course to anyone who want to start learning to program using Python.
The instructor is just amazing and his way of teaching is humorous but effective. The quality of the content in the course is commendable . This is the best course for anyone looking to get acquainted with the basics of Python language
It is an amazing experience for me to learn python from Sir Severance . This course helped me in learning basics of python as well as basic fundamentals of programming. Thank you coursera for bringing such beautifully designed course.  
i would like to thank Coursera for providing such an interesting course and also Dr Chuck ..i could clear all my basics in python ..Thankyou once again...Believe me guys before starting any other course in python have a look at this..
"I am truly a beginner in Python, I don't even know how to use my computer perfectly maybe, but this course made me understand the basics of the language and lead me to understand how computers think and work. I totally recommend it :)"
"Very Nice Interactive Course, just like python interpreter! and best part is there are interviews of people who has made the state of the art software; which makes this course more promising and build's ones confidence in programming."
"Excellent flow, right from the beginning till the end for a pure beginner without any programming knowledge. And Professor Chuck!  Awesome!!! I am confident and sure that i gonna continue with remaining courses in this specialization."
A Wonderful Course for beginner starting from 0 level.  If Any one having no idea of Programming then it doesn't matter it will take you from 0 level to good programmer. After that you can continue from its python for specailisation .
I had really great time the way sir narrated was awesome and actually all those concepts are there in c language and i strongly focused on syntax and i have gained much more experience briefly regarding all topics. Thanks and regards.
Sir Chuck AKA Snape you care about your students and everything you do has something that encourages students to learn . Every  interview at the end of every week is cheery on the cake. Thankyou for this amazing experience. Bless you! 
"The course is exceptionally designed. The pace and contents of the chapters are very well divided. They are excellently placed into manageable bits, which makes you comprehend, practice and gain perfectness of the concepts. Thank you."
"I love the teacher and I love the way he is teaching, though I felt sleepy sometimes {all because of myself, laugh}, I felt sleepy when it comes to programming, but I want to be a learner of it, thank you to Programming for Everybody."
This class is well crafted.  I enjoyed it and thought it beneficial.  It was a great jump point for understanding Python.  I would recommend for anyone looking to get started in Python with a general understanding of systems and Bash.
"Managed to finish the course during the free tryout week! Professor Severance is funny, easy to understand. He makes it seem so interesting and easy, at least for now..... I would gladly to subscribe to the next 4 courses on the list."
"Excellently paced for a complete beginner. Other courses I've taken are much faster paced, it was nice to get a background on some procedures and functions that were glossed over quickly in other courses I've worked through in Python."
"Dr.Chuck is amazing, I learned a great deal from his course materials and I am inspired from me myself tagging along all the way through the end of the course. Now I would love to continue discovering more in the world of programming!"
Very helpful and clear instructions. I had audited other courses and the assignments did not give enough information and i ended up stopping part way. This is my first completed coursera course and its all thanks to the great teacher!
This course is crafted very beautifully and Dr.Chuck has done a fantastic job in explaining the various basic elements that form the base of Python Language . Looking forward to enrolling in other Coursera courses in the days ahead :)
"Very useful introduction to Python for non-programmers as you'll learn not only basic functions but also get answers to the 'nagging questions' about how Python, or programming in general, works at all in the form of simple analogies."
"The instructor is able to explain the materials clearly and interestingly at the same time. The pace is little bit slow, but it is perfect for students who knew nothing about programming and python. Can't wait to start my next course."
"  It is a wonderful experience in learning python. Professor  Severance is such an interesting guy and his teaching technique is brilliant and suitable for almost everyone, including students majoring in CS or just programming beginner."
"This is an excellent course for EVERYBODY, no matter where you are in your programming track. If you have not programmed, this is a great starting point. If you have been programming for years, it help to relate to those that haven't."
Great course overall. The video-lessons where clear and didactic and the excercises difficult enough to help me assimilate every piece of knowledge. A great teacher also. He made the lessons really easy to follow. I highly recommend.
Easy-to-comprehend. By far the best course on python that I have encountered! All I needed was to know the meaning of every component in the code and reason behind every execution which was beautifully illustrated! Thank you so much!
"Was good, if you want to succed in any area remember it's good make your own research and be hungry with the knowledge because programming is about that you need to research for a lot information tutorials, videos and forums to learn "
Amazing instructor who is able to teach using simple language with a logical flow such that it is easy to understand. The lessons are well ordered and the topics covered have a chronological flow. This really is python for EVERYBODY.
"  Professor Chuck is just wonderful, enjoying and explains with his own ideas which are actually good. One thing that I am not satisfied is with the pace of the course, it's just opinion or probably due to my early knowledge in python.  "
The course is very helpful.I had zero programming background but Coursera help me to familiar with python.The lectures by Dr.Chuck is easily understanding and explains with time. Also give assignments and quizzes after each chapters.
Thank you Coursera  and Thank you so much sir to learn basis to improve my python skill .I really appreciated to me that i can able to improve my self. Before I was wrong that i can't do any thing but Now I can say I can do anything.
very good program.It ensure all the people to understand all the things other than  they are studying during class period.It helps the people to know about more things.So it is a good one. Thank you for providing this type  of course 
"Charles is fantastic.He ease out the learning for me ,as I am  a non -computer science student.It would have been very difficult for me to learn programming.But I'm glad i opted for this course and successfully completed this course."
This course is great. I will reconmend to everybody with zero experience in computer science. The course structure design and difficulty is just right! Dr. Chuck is amazing. I finished the course in three weeks and have a lot of fun. 
"Great course! thoroughly covers the basics in the best way possible. Recommended for beginners, for intermediate and advanced users, you can find other courses by University of Michigan, especially from Dr. Charles Russell Severance."
This course was awesome. For a beginner like me  it proved to be a helping hand. I never thought that i will become familiar to python so easily and in such a short period of time. I am looking forward to more such courses like this. 
"I just want to say thank you professor, your explanation is very well,i took many courses about python before but this one is unique,you have a great manner on how transmitting the information and make programmation so easy..Respect.                                                                                                                           "
"Professor Charlles is amazing, he simplified the programming language so beginners like could understand, there are very few flaws in this course. It is wonderful for a start, thank you so much, professor, and University of Michigan!"
"abservation: here explained in detail and points where most of the people would do mistakes, they took care on those points. people who wants to excel their python skill , definitly take this course. it will hone your skill sure!...."
"
I highly recommend this course to anyone wanting to learn the basics of 
Python and computer programming. This is the first Coursera course I've 
completed and I'm looking forward to taking more Python and computer 
sciences courses. 
        

"
  I recommend you guys who are new to coding. Especially if you are a foreigner who cannot speak English. The professor's pronunciation is very accurate. Subtitles and audible words are sufficient to understand. Don't worry. Go for it.  
Very good course for beginners as well as for the guys with experience in programming. As experienced developer passed the course in two days. However I learned lot of new things. Good balance between watching videos and programming.
"A highly recommended for all the amateurs to programming and for the beginners to Python as well. Absolutely well paced, aptly sequenced by Professor from Michigan University. My first course @Coursera, looking for more excitements!!"
I really enjoyed this course.  I enjoyed how the course material included various topics beyond pure programming.  This kept it interesting all the way through.  I am looking forward to the next course in the Python series.  Go Blue!
The teaching methodology was superb!!It worth spending time in his lecture.Hope to have some advance study soon in Python which shall be freely available to learners who keen to learn something new but cannot afford the tuition fee..
"  I started more courses on different learning platforms, but left them all. Finished only this course because of Dr. Chuck. Thank you very much, the lectures were very well explained and the information was presented very interesting.  "
I like this course. It is easy to understand for beginners. lectures were fun and seen some experience of what major founders say. very interesting. You will not get stuck in it. Lecturer explains everything step by step. Thank you!
"Everything was explained very clearly by the instructor, especially for students like me who are not experienced with the technical aspects of a computer, with interesting facts added in here and there to make it all very memorable."
Its really a good course in learning Basics of python programing. i learnt so many things from this course and teachers were also good at teaching beacause they were using all concepts and practical problems to teach in this course.
It was great to class with them.Instructor was awesome. Learn so many thing. I am benefited from them.I would like to do more classes with them. It was completely free and their system was good.The exercise was also standard. thanks
Excellent course for beginners. I am beginning in this world and it was easy for me to understand. The programming is very didactic and well organized. Charles Russell Severance excellent teacher. I wish it had subtitles in Spanish. 
for beginners it is the best course as i learn a lot and the faculty is just like that he is not teaching online butit feels like he is in front of me and teaching me i loved it and thank you very much coursera team for this course.
"This is probably the best online course I have taken and everything  is well arranged that it feel so stressless while taking the course and I absolutely loved the way the course was taken. Thank you Dr. Chuck, It was really amazing"
This course of python is very easy to understand and learn. The teacher of this course is very good in speaking and gives the lecture in a very easy way which helps a beginner student to learn without much problems in understanding.
I really enjoyed this course - the passion that Charles has for this topic clearly comes across in his teaching style and the videos and it was a great introduction to the world of Python. Looking forward to the classes that follow!
"One of the best on-line courses I've done so far. Dr. Chuck is very knowledgeable, with a much-needed sense of humor for this type of ""dry"" course. I'll give myself one day break before enrolling for part 2 of the course. Thank you!"
"This is a good course for getting your feet wet with a programming language. I haven't learned a language in over 20 years, but the instructor made me comfortable with Python and provided a good foundation for learning the language."
Love to come back again for more ... I now really understand what coding is and i know where to start from . Python is one of the best and the instructor makes it easy and understandable  .Thank you Coursera for such a great program
Great course for a beginner at programming and python. Definitely helped me challenge myself at learning how control flow works and have a realization of how much have I learnt throughout the course by solving the exercise problems.
"I've taken courses to learn Python before this course but weren't clear at all. i'm not a programmer but after this course, I'm more confident about Python. Besides, the instructor makes you laugh a lot. I really love this course!!!"
This is a great course to start with and get the feel of python. It leaves with a cliffhanger to learn more in the coming courses of the specialization. Looking forward to learning more. And Charles's expression at times is awesome.
"Absolutely loved it. The Professor makes the learning process very fun and also puts in a lot of effort in doing that. It not only teaches you about Python, but also many other things related to computers and programming in general."
"Amazing! This was fun! I tired to learn Python from some other sources as well such as Youtube, udemy etc. but they are all boring. This was fun. I finished it in a week with 0 Python knowledge. Can't wait to take his other courses!"
This Professor is one of the best programming professors I have ever seen! He makes programming fun! Very knowledgable and precise! The lectures are well organized and the assignments really help understand the concepts well! 10/10!
"  Thought that Python would be difficult to learn. But from the beginning the course was so fun to learn and easy to understand. I would really recommend this course for the beginners of python. ""Charles Severance is a great faculty"".  "
Highly recommend for those who want to learn python step by step. Plenty of course materials and course text is free to download. It was really enjoyable and make me keep focusing on each topics. Definitely take next course. Thanks!
It's a really very good course for beginners.  In this course all concepts are taught very nicely and easily.I recommend this course for all students who want to lean coding but my suggestion for them is to first complete c and c++.
"good course for people with no programming background. very clear and easy-paced.  for those of you who are familiar with python or other computer languages, i would suggest to use 1,5 of the normal speed when watching the lectures."
"Dr Chuck's introduction to programming where he is explaining variables, constants and later functions, arguments etc. is really good and I would say universal for any programming language. So definitely excellent course for anyone. "
"So far, I am really enjoying this class. I am so thankful for this free source. I have taken a few python classes, the the beginning was a review, however the instructor makes the course beginning very enjoyable to watch. Thank you!"
I have been trying to get started with Python for a long time now. Thanks a lot for a well paced course for learning the fundamentals of python programming in a very digestible format. Can't wait to complete the rest of the course.
  As a computer student i found this course very easy to learn and very welcoming towards non computer student. The instructor was also very friendly and funny at times and this has made me continue on the second part of this course.  
Fantastic course.I was a complete beginner and learned so much.Would 100% recommend if you want to learn more about Python and are interested in programming.Dr. Chuck (instructor) is wonderful and is very good at explaining topics.
I liked the course thought by the friendly professor.The course is definetely suggestable to those who want to acquire the basic  python programming skills.I am happy that I can solve problems myself without any assistance.Thankyou 
"If you are beginner and have no knowledge about programming , then this course is for you . Easy to understand , fun way to learn . What are you waiting for do get started with python for everybody.
I'm very happy with this course."
"Siempre fue difícil para mi entender la programación. Con ""Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python) "" Todo cambió, no solo aprendí lo básico sino que estoy haciendo mis programas para mi día a día. Lo recomiendo 100%"
Programming for Everybody(getting started with python) is a wonderful course which beginners can take-up and get their basics in python. This is a part of specialization course and hence this can be used for further specialization.
I find this course to be an excellent introduction to python. The examples and metaphors used by Dr.Chuck are lucid and easy to understand. I find Dr.Chucks passion and encouragement served as a motivation to complete this course !
This course is very use full for people that doesn't have programming or technical background to start learn Python and help to understand how the computer logic run also for programmer that start to use Python from beginner level.
"Excellent class! I had some on the job exposure to programming with SAS and SQL, but this was my first formal class. It really helped me understand what I am doing, and I learned new things as well. The instructor is very engaging. "
"Hello Charles, Thank you very much, I personally admire the way you teach the lesson with fun and all the other efforts you put in the course. I learned a lot and now I remembered each and everything I learned during C programming. "
"Very good for the beginners, since I knew Java little bit it was an added advantage for doing exercises. But overall professor made it really easy to understand this course. I will strongly recommend it to start with Python basics."
"From someone who didn't know much, this seems like a fairly good way to get started, the self pacing aspect is ideal. I will try to come back and rate this when I know more, and have a better understanding of where this is leading."
"Excellent first course.  I was able to understand the lectures, supplement my knowledge with the text book, and reinforce with exercises and quizzes.  I like that a number of topics were introduced without exhausting one at a time."
"It was quite an interesting course covering mainly the book as referenced and while beginners can get hold of it too, programmers porting from different coding platforms can also catch up easily with python as taught in this course"
"My very first MOOC, and it totally got me hooked. The teacher is really good at explaining key concepts and the book is very useful and educational. Definitely will keep on going with the rest of the courses on this specialization."
"Great course to get then basic picture of what programming is about. With this course and the book ""Python for Informatics"" I've learned the basics of Python very quickly and without much pain. Thanks dr. Chuck, you're the best! :)"
This course was an extremely helpful introduction to programming. I have no background in this area but I found the pace and material appropriate for my level. I would encourage anyone interested in Python to enroll in this course.
"A very well-structured course, aimed at those without prior programming experience. Dr. Chuck takes the time and proper care to explain all the basic concepts thoroughly. This serves as a great way to get your feet wet with Python!"
Thank you so much coursera for helping me learn python programming so easily. I would like to sugeest everybody whoever is reading this review to take up this course if you haven't started programming. This is where you can start.
"This is a great course for python beginners and for students who are new to programming. Very well explained. Thank you Professor Charles Severance, University of Michigan, Coursera and all others who helped me finish this course."
  It was actually my most enjoyable course.  It had the most work to do by far and that is what in turn made it most enjoyable.  I was forced to learn and I love learning so that¡¦s why it was my favorite.Special thank to Charles :)  
"The exercise and the way Dr Chunk taught us made me clear and love about programming. I am really grateful to attain this course and instead of fear I am just loving programming. Thank you coursera and Dr Chunk , you are the best. "
IT's a  0 level course of python that literally teaches you from the scratch and if you know nothing about python like me 🤦‍♂️😑 then this course is best for you.The teacher is also very nice and you can easily connect with him . 
Excellent Course even novice learners. Expert instructor - the way he explains each topic is amazing. thank you for offering this course. It is very useful to student community as well as teaching community to improve their skills
"excellent courses for programming starters, appreciate it!!unfortunately, we students from China can not available to watch the videos on this website.(due to some net problems)anyway, thanks a lot, and I really enjoy this course!"
"Course taught in detail. This course is great for beginners; it does not cover too much knowledge but thoroughly lays the groundwork for future study.
Professor Severance is funny and explains lectures clearly.
Strongly recommend!"
"Love this course! Especially when I figure out the solution by what I have learnt in the courses, it gives the sense of successful. I know it is still a long way to become an experts in Python. Thank you. P.S.I Like this lecturer."
"Great introduction to programming, or a fun review of programming topics. It is not ""in-depth"", but as an introductory class, it isn't supposed to be. The instructor is fun and relatable, and does a good job explaining the topics."
"It was a nice course, but i think it might be a bit difficult for students in terms ofr loop statement and 'if' statement if someone does not have any background. It was necessary to put additional efforts to practice. Still was a"
Great introduction to Python. I'm actually excited to continue on and learn more! 10/10 would recommend for those who want to learn. Material is easy to follow. Assignments are easy to understand and reflect the lessons very well. 
"I loved this course!  I was a little familiar with some of the concepts before, but Mr. Severance's commentary helped answer some of the questions I had about it.  I have a much more solid foundation and understanding than before.  "
Excellent for beginners. You don't need any experience at all just access to a relatively new computer and the internet. Dr. Severance is a great teacher and the Coursera structure of the course is great for low maintenance study.
"This course is a great first approach to python and programming in general.I didn't know much about coding, by the end I was able to understand the flow of a code and to solve little problems with python.Very clear and very good."
"I never thought that learning a program could be that easy!!You made me instantly fall in love with programing.num=0while True:num<5                                                          print(""Thanks a lot Charles Severance"")"
I really enjoyed this class by Prof. Charles Russell Severance.  I got a good grasp of the basics and would definitely recommend this course if you are a beginner. Very well explained and loved working with the autograder system. 
The course is really a very suitable to introduce to the very basics of python and programming. The examples and the exercises are really useful and the instructor is simplifying things so it can be understood and absorbed easily
this course has been very helpful for me to started with python.My instructor Charles Russell Severance has made each and everything so crystal clear in my mind and the way he teaches is outstanding.Thank you soo much for this!!!
"The lessons on coursera of professor Charles are really helpful, which arise my interest in python and computer science indeed. Thanks for this platform that make every corner of the world have the access to the useful knowledge."
Perfect for someone getting introduced to programming. Went through it even though I am an experienced coder as it was part of the specialization - to see if I could find a way to improve th- cant think of a way to improve this!!
"I literally don't know how to thank Dr.Chuck and University of Michigan for offering this course.I am much confident now.The way Dr.Chuck taught us was incredible.Looking forward for more..Last but not the least,Thanks Coursera!!"
I am very happy with the course. It was a comfortable introduction with accessible videos that I came back to when I needed them. I feel more acquainted with the basics of Python and I feel like the course was very user friendly.
It was an amazing course.I learnt a lot of new things in a very organized and perfect style.Special thanks to the instructor for sharing their knowledge with us. A lot of thanks to coursera team for providing such a great course. 
I must say this course is a best step for beginners.The way of teaching is just phenomenal and specially the assignment part is the best way to practice what you have previously learned.Thank you for this courseThank you coursera
"I love the course. It is full of fun. Charles did a great job of getting programming beginner like me to learn Python. Now, I think programming is a piece of creative work. Highly recommend this introductory course for everybody. "
I liked the videos. The instructor was clear and helpful. The exercises allowed me to get familiar with the type of codes in each chapter and also let me think logically on each problem. I got more interested in computer science.
"Very disarming lectures that don't talk down to you at all. Highly recommended if you haven't needed to program in a while. It very quickly gets you back into the swing of things. Doesn't get into the weeds at all, nice overview."
The course was really awesome and anyone with no programming knowledge can also enroll in this course. No prerequisite skill is required. This course has really helped me in enhancing my programming skills. Highly Recommended 😊
"Thank you very much Dr. Chuck for best teaching ,the way of creating interest to the subject is very good,because i am a mechanical engineering student and easily get the thing . Before this i never did programming . so thankyou"
This is one of the most practical and easy-to-understand course for me in learning fundamental programming and Python. This course helps me a lot in building programming mindset. The instructor is absolutely skillful and catchy.
Very well paced and easy to understand thanks to the instructor. Keep in mind that if you want to get a deep understanding of the language you will have to use other resourses because almost all explanations are pretty practical
"I have just completed this course, and it was an excellent experience. The course instructor knows how to present the material to the absolute beginners. All the lectures are fascinating. I completed the course within two weeks."
I have done my course on Coursera . So I feel I am eligible to answer this question. Coursera  offers an astonishing chance to develop yourself... the course material is well communicated and there is a good variety of subjects. 
  This is first time i had done any course online and this was a wonderful experience!Everything is broken down making it easy to understanding for a newbie like me and make me feel really excited to get the knowledge!Many thanks!  
"This course was awesome, I have learned lots of things about python in this course, like data structures, different modules, defining functions etc. I would like to give thank to Coursera and Dr. chuck for this wonderful course."
As an Electrical Engineer I found this course easy to follow. I had difficulty with understanding the way loops work which I overcame with this course. Clearly explains the order in which instructions are executed. Very helpful.
"I really like this course, and I want to say thank you to Professor Severance. Really inspiring and interesting! I've learn few programming lessons on coursera before and I think this is the best online course I've taken so far.
"
Hello dear committee.I think this course is one of the best course in the world.Thank you so much Dr.chuck and dear Coursera for helping students like me to improve their knowledge and be update in this world.Wish you the bests.
"I'm a total beginner and I really enjoyed this course. It's challenging enough to be interesting but not so hard that it gets scary. Lectures are clear, the book is great and Dr. Severance is a great teacher. Highly recommended."
"What I loved about the course is it started from the very basic, I've also wanted to program but I've felt the topics were very complicated, but after Sir's explanation I know understand a lot of topics I once found complicated."
This is a great course. It is well-designed to deliver the core knowledge in  a short time. The quiz and assignments are very helpful to use the knowledge I learned in real practice. I will keep learning and get the certificate.
"An excellent, clear introduction for people who are brand new to programming. If you've done a significant amount of programming before, you may find it a little slow paced, but it's always good to remind yourself of the basics."
"It is a wonderful course for those who are just starting to learn the Python programming! I myself as a total beginner, I could follow the lectures easily and enjoy building my own codes! Just awesome. :D Thank you, Dr. Chuck!!!"
"I love this course! I was a bit afraid I would not make it to the end of the first term, but the course syllabus is well-structured, friendly to students, and it has cool videos. I'm quite excited to continue it to the very end!"
"well structured course, starting from 0 python skills, after completing this course I am able to code programs which can calculate salary, interact with user via command line, write complex loops, handle errors, amazing feeling!"
This first series is the most basic Python. The professor gave the lecture in a very clear and dynamic way. I really enjoy the whole learning process and I am expecting to learn more advanced knowledge in the following lectures!
This course is really good for absolute beginners !! Each and every basic details of programming are presented and explained so nicely. If you are planning  to go for python programming you can easily achieve taking this course.
"I never thought to be able programing on Python so quickly (2 weeks).Each lecture is very clear, indications are very useful no waste of time... at the end: no regrets. Thank you Dr Severance and Coursera to give me this chance!"
"Dr. Chuck rules! He is such an engaging instructor, he makes learning Python fun. I have tried many courses and gotten discouraged but I am sticking with this one until I get it right. Thank you, Dr. Chuck, for being so awesome! "
"A well-structured course, especially from a beginner's perspective, all ideas were presented in easy to understand manner and the instructor nailed it. I would say that he totally is the best instructor, I learnt from, already."
"It was a great beginner in the course. Our teacher was able to provide great examples and teach how certain variables, functions, etc. worked. I learned a great deal from this course and would recommend it to beginners as well."
"Would recommend to anyone interested in learning about Python and has none programming background or experience. Loved it, learned a lot about Python and enjoyed every class and homework. Dr. 'Chuck' is an incredible professor. "
"Did it during Corona lockdown with no prior Python Knowledge. Now, I'm able to understand basic coding terminology and can read and write simple programs. In addition, Professor Severus was very entertaining to watch! Good job."
the classes are very easy to understand and the phase of the class is just right and the examples solved and the practice examples used in the course will let you to apply the theory lesson learned in the class  which is nice .
It is a great course. The  instructor is a lot fun to be learning from. He is very experienced. Great material too from the university.  Assignments are also intermediate level.  Appreciate the course.  Would recommend further.
"It's really great! teaching was really slow and I was able to understand the basics like never before, and this course instructor Charles was good, I recommend this who have no basics can learn python easily and gain confidence"
"The best, the professor Chuck is one the best I have ever seen. Teaching coding to non-techie is very difficult and the way he teaches is just amazing. Would recommend every one of you to take it to enhance knowledge in Python."
I thought this was an excellent beginners course. I think that the final assignment could be difficult for a lot of students but I did not find it to be hard. Looking forward to taking the next course if I receive financial aid
"Absolutely loved and enjoyed this course. I having no knowledge of computer programming, understood everything that professor explained and was able to write my own programs, and troubleshoot them. Highly recommend this course."
"
After completing this course: I can say it for sure, it's not only a 
great introduction to python word, but it can be a perfect beginning to 
start programming in general even for those how has no idea about 
similar subjects.
        

"
The instructor of the course is very well versed in teaching you python in a very fun and easy way. I m thrilled to experience that learning language like python can be so easy and fun. I am fascinated that I can actually code.
I was afraid that this course will be very difficult to complete but with great and clear explanations I finished it successfully and the information I gained is very new to me and interesting as I didn't know anything about it
  This is a great course. It is well-designed to deliver the core knowledge in a short time. The quiz and assignments are very helpful to use the knowledge I learned in real practice. I will keep learning and get the certificate.  
"Very informative course for a beginner. It's a throughout course, that gives you the basics. Everything is clearly structured and easy to follow. I certainly recommend if one is interested in starting to understand programming. "
Just loved this course and the material it provides.A good place to start learning programming and definitely recommend to others.Simple english and understandalbe accent makes this course the best of all other MOOCs available.
This is an excellent course. The instructor explains the concepts very well and they are easy to understand. The course and program could benefit from office hours like google Hangout sessions where we can interact with people.
"Incredible course! As someone with very limited experience with programming, I found the pace to be just right. Dr. Chuck strikes a perfect balance between speed and content. His tone and presentation definitely kept me engaged"
"It was really AWESOME, I want to thank coursera so much for offering this awesome course , and also I want to thank prof. Charles Severance very much he is suck a great teacher, I'm looking forward to finish the other 4 courses "
This course really helped me throughout. I was totally new to programming especially to this computer science subject but this course has got me through. Now i can proceed with more understandings and skills. THANK YOU Coursera
Good basic course for input/output in Python - looking forward to progressing with future courses and seeing how far I can improve my skills with Dr Chuck's help! Thanks for setting up this course and looking after the students
"If you have never done any programming, this course will walk you through it.  Prof. Severance is very laid back. His lectures stay with the book. If you have been exposed to some programming, you can work at your own pace.Eric"
No matter how good you are with a computer or programming. This course will be the one for you! I love the sheer humour of the teachers and the simple explanations they give. I would definitely recommend this course to anybody. 
This course was extremely helpful in covering all the basic aspects of Python! The teacher is really awesome and makes you want learn as more as you can and as fast as you can. He is really great in making you enjoy the course.
  Great course to have a clear introduction to Python. The course is very well paced and consists of ample examples to make the concepts very understandable and challenging at the same time. Glad to have enrolled in this course.  
The way in which Mr. chuck explains is amazing it feels like a friend is explaining to us which makes it very simple for us to understand. The quality of education provided by the University of Michigan is really good as well.
Nice course to start in python programming benefits. It was really easy to complete at first and very complete with ideas and info about the language. Internalize the knowledge by the guidance of Dr. Chuck it was really great!
"  As a complete beginner, it was exactly what I was looking for. It showed you the basic skills to learn Python while also pushing you to think critically with those skills to solve problems and build things. Highly recommended!  "
"The professor was an excellent educator, learning me thing that I have not understood in other similar courses. He was taking the time to explain the small important details that other teachers may assume everyone understands."
Course was taught very nicely by our professor. The course covers the basics about python which can be taken by anyone who known a little bit about any language. You will be taught from very base so you do not get any problem.
"It is an excellent way to learn a new programing language. All videos, text resources and the explanations as well have great quality and they are very easy to assimilate andunderstand. I really have enjoyed to do this course."
This course is great if you want to learn the basics of the Python programming language. Professor Charles Severance is really awesome in explaining the concept so everyone can understand them. Thanks you for this opportunity. 
Really helpful and friendly to bigginers. I had no coding experience before but I found the course easy to follow and it really strikes my interest on coding! I will definitely check other courses related to python and coding.
Charles is a fun and engaging instructor. The material is clear and the exercises are challenging enough but not  impossible to keep you motivated and pushing through. Looking forward to the next course in this specialization!
"It gives very clear and solid bases to learn to progam in Python. I already knew how to program before doing this course, but I wanted to learn Python. With this I believe I have a good understanding on how to write on Python."
An excellent course to introduce you to programming. It has a very well organized and systematic structure so that you dont feel burdened at any point at all. The course material is very well detailed and simple to understand. 
Excellent course. The topics were explained in very detail. This course is suitable even for a newcomer in programming who has not dealt with any programming in his/her life. Thank you Dr. Charles Severance. You are the best.
"I have tried many courses but never completed anyone but this course is great and the teacher of this course is amazing and teaches any concept in an easy manner. Sir, you are so cool and I really laughed at your funny jokes."
It is an excellent course for beginners to understand what is Python. Dr Chuck is a wonderful lecturer to make the class more fun and he tries to use simple examples to explain abstract concepts from Python. I enjoy it a lot.
The Programs is complete perfect for beginners even without the prior information of the coding and for those who know may fell little know stuff is present .still will learn new things.I recommend all to take up this Course.
This is really the best course that I have found yet for a complete beginner - I am pretty sure that this course can teach the fundamentals of Python programming to someone who just recently learned how to turn on a computer.
"I enjoyed learning Python from Dr. Chuck .He delivers the lecture amazingly n I got every bit he make sure to let me understand. Assignments, videos , notes are great. Its an amazing experience I ll try more courses.thank you"
"It was very informative and helped me to clear all my doubts and make the Python basics base Stronger with loops, conditional statements, and all the interesting Assignments.Looking forward to the next part - data structures!"
"Great course - easy to understand and plenty of practice material. Really liked the lecturer too, a very nice man, who you can see put a lot of effort and passion into this. Will definitely be progressing onto the next stage!"
"It is a good course for begineers. I recommend that , if you are going for this course , you should complete it  as soon as possible. Because it does not cover all the aspects of python. Its basic python syntax and semantics."
"This was a great intro class to learning python. I was impressed by the instructor, and how he was able to break down each concept to the basics so that someone who is new to computer science has an opportunity to learn well."
Excellent course to get acquainted with Python's syntax and essential structures. It is truly a class for all: from strict beginning beginners more experienced programmers looking to refresh base concepts in a Python context. 
This course has been taught exceptionally well mainly for people without programming background.Exercises were moderate. The lecture videos are helpful to get started with Python. Dr.Chuck videos are truly inspiring to learn.
"The videos provide clear instructions about how to start python programs and essential information related to the program. I am also attracted by the teaching style of Dr. Charles, because he is both intelligent and humorous."
"It's a decent course, good for starters with no background in programming. Course instructor is great, he teaches everything from basics. You'll enjoy this course if you are looking forward to learn Python from the beginning."
"great and easy to understand. Finished it within a week if you really get into it. Recommended for beginner! It might take you slighter longer, but if you are really into it you can finish it faster then the recommended time."
The course was very productive in terms that it gave some strong basis of what coding is. I was an absolutely beginner before taking this course. Special thanks to professor Charles Severance because his energy is contagious.  
"Approach of teaching was awesome! It also brings some relaxation with the office hour videos. By the way, I like and enjoyed your interview with Pooja, the Piazza founder and that of Guido van Rossum. Big Thanks to Dr. Chuck!"
"Dr Severance is really an amazing teacher - he conveys rather complicated information in an easy to digest format.  Also, what a bad ass for dedicating so much of his personal time for a free class.  So very much appreciated."
"Thank you for your great lecture, Dr. Chunk. This was my first class for computer science and I hope that I will be able to pass these all courses in programming for everybody. I really appreciated your help. God bless you :)"
Dr Chuck is a very good instructor who manage to inject both humor and clarity into his teaching. He got me hooked on Python! I always look forward to the next lesson. The lesson content is well-planned and paced..Great work!
Brilliant course. Best suited for people with little programming exposure.I know programming so completed the courses with 1.5 or sometimes 2X speeds. Still worth going though as this is how you learn new programming language
"Well my journey with python is really good, I just want to suggest to all if you are looking for python this is the best platform to do so. Dr. Chuck  explains really well.
Looking forward for many more interesting courses . "
Great information for anyone trying to get their feet wet with Python and coding in general. Dr. Chuck makes difficult information understandable due to his down to Earth mentality. Can't wait to learn about Data Structures!   
"I learned a lot through this course. Mr. Charles Severance is one of the best teachers to study python from. Though the course was a bit difficult towards the end, but he explained it in such a way that even that became fun."
Charles  Severance does an awesome job of explaining things and is a very good teacher. This is a very good course. Some parts do not make sense at first but if you keep at it everything comes together and clicks. Thank you!
"I loved the very down to earth approach taken in this course and as someone who plans to use this course as a stepping stone into the world of data analysis/visualization using python, I highly recommend this specialization."
"I enjoyed this course. Dr Charles is an amazing tutor. This course lays out the foundation of python programming very well and leaves you hooked on its content - even if, like me, you have no prior background in programming."
Very interesting! The content is really applicable to real-life problem solving and the instructor is so great! I'm continuing on to the rest of the series of classes on Python and hope to keep learning from this instructor! 
I will recommend this course to beginners who are interested to start learning programming with Python. This is a very exciting course that will help to understand the basics of the Python programming language from Dr. Chuk.
"Dr Chuck is a wonderful teacher. I have thoroughly enjoyed the introductory course and man behind that is Professor Chuck. I left me craving for more, even though I have finished college with graduation in civil engineering."
"I am gladly say it is a very very helped me to learn ""python programming"".and i hope it will be too much helpfull for all students. I am owe to coursera for giving me ""Finantial Aid Application"" this opportunity.thanking you"
"Very nice and excellent course  for starting with python.
study with enjoy .
so i prefer to join this course. 
As the name suggest programming for everybody that is right name because course like that . 
so join this course."
Dr. Chuck is the best professor i have ever seen....he is funny and witty in nature and also clever......just i am little bit disappoint as videos or content on FOR loop is very small......overall  the course is perfect.....
"It was good experience being the part of this course.I personally recommend to take up this even though you don't have programming background, he teaches from very basic level that anyone able to understand easily.Thank You,"
"Great course for those who want to start on learning a new programming language or who wants to start programming. It is suitable for either cases. Also, it is just enough difficult for those who want to face some challenge."
"It is a great course for beginners! I would also recommend it to people who know a little programming with prior knowledge in some other language, This course just dos what it says and makes you feel comfortable with python."
It was a great experience for me to learn python language from a prestigious institute. I am always be grateful of University of Michigan for giving me this opportunity to learn something which is very crucial for my career.
I have really enjoyed this course. The course instructor explained everything in the easiest possible way. Also this course has inspired me a lot in programming  and I think I will enroll in some other courses too very soon.
I'm amazed at how quickly i progressed from knowing absolutely nothing about computer programming to understanding these concepts and apply them! All thanks to Charles Severence for making the learning experience so awesome!
"The teaching materials are sophisticated and robust; you can expect to absorb quite a lot of the basics if you utilize the textbook and the video. I wouldn't mind having more exercizes, but overall it was a great experience."
"I was a total beginner in programming before this course and I was feeling little bit afraid of the subject, however after completing this course I feel much more comfortable and confident about myself that I could learn it."
"Outstanding! Very well laid out, the book is helpful, the lessons are helpful, and the exercises truly reinforce the concepts taught in the lecture. This is a great option for anyone looking to begin in computer programming. "
Basic course with good implementations and cases for better understanding .But the last for loop execution in the terminal was my biggest trouble.The loop videos seemed to be rushed for a beginner .They were not so friendly.
"Great course, good explanations, excited for the next instalment. Only downside is it seems that Python 3 is now being implemented as opposed to python 2.I personally would have preferred if this course went as far as lists."
"I enjoyed learning the first programming skills in my life. This is the stepping stone to learn more programming skills in the future. Thank you Dr. Chuck and all the coursera teams for bringing this course to me and others. 
"
"It's a clear and nice tutorial. Although I've learned python before, I still find it fascinating and worthy to spend several hours to review some of the basics.And the professor himself is super humorous.Good experience, 5/5"
"This is really best course for individual wants to learn python without having previous knowledge in programming. Dr. Charles has explained each concepts in simple manner and his book ""Python for infromatics"" is really good. "
Loved learning from Charles Severance. Really felt like I learned the fundamentals of Python AND programming at the same time. Learned a lot about computational thinking and OOP which I can apply to Java and other languages. 
"This course is great for those seeking to learn Fundamentals of Python. This course is designed in such a way that I never felt boring watching the lectures.
I would recommend this course for those who wants to learn Python."
"I am a novice at programming. But Dr. Chuck is amazing. He made us understand some basics of Python programming in a simple way. So, I would suggest if you want to learn Python programming from zero, this course is for you."
"This is the best programming for an absolute beginner. It is decently paced and teaches the core concepts with an ample number of examples and the instructor is really humorous. It was like a ride in the park, never boring.  "
Good introductory course for beginners to python programming. The instructor was very clear in his explanation. The coding assignments and quizzes were fun to do as well as it provides a good way to do some hands-on coding.
The course was really awesome.I learnt alot of things and got a chance to improve my Programming skills.Our instructor Mr. Charles Severance is really an amazing personality.A big thanks to our Instructor and team Coursera.
I have never attended any class related to programming and have also not learned Python before. But the way Dr.Chuck has taught Python through out the course it has incremented my zeal towards learning Python more and more.
"The way, Dr. Chuck has formulated this course, is appeasingly interesting. I would suggest everyone out there, no matter the background, to give it a shot.The only prerequisite here is your interest and excitement to learn!"
"Dr.Chuck is an amazing teacher.He explains the concepts with a bit of wit and humor,By this course i have learned the basics of python and industrial applications.Looking forward to next course (Python with datastructures)."
"   loved this class. I liked the manner of the teacher, loose but everything said was important. The examples covered the concepts well and the textbook too. I loved that I was really programming and using real world examples.  "
I personally enjoyed the atmosphere and content of the course.It was good experience.Its interesting to learn new python because of which i was able to complete my course quite effectively also before the timeline provided.
"It is a good introductory course for whom wants to enter to the world of programming, I learn about the basics of Python in a joyful way. I enjoy the course and the wat the Dr. Chuck dictates every module. I recommended it."
"Online Python was an excellent seven week course.  Initially, I was nervous because I thought Python coding was going to very difficult, but the instructor made it so easy to learn and follow.  I truly enjoyed the learning!"
"Its really helpful for anyone trying to get comfortable with python. I'd highly recommend taking it! The lectures are concise and the teaching staff is always on hand to help with any problems or issues you might be having.
"
"Very Nice, Experienced, Enthusiastic approach to teaching. The course is quite informative as it also gives lot of background about python language direct conversation with the founder of the language to author of the books"
Great course. The textbook is available for free; the lectures are complete and well explained; Python and Atom are available to download for free; the material is relevant and the pace is good. I'm pleased with the course.
"Very clear course; lots of material, and interesting interviews. I highly recommend it to people who never programmed before. People with even basic notions in Python might skim it and turn to more advanced courses, though."
Excellent instructor!. I have done Python at University about 5 years ago and did this just as a refresher. I completed tho whole course in about 2 hours. Not recommended for people with an existing basic python background.
"you can do it at a 1.5x speed or you can do the assignment and quiz first. If you find anything you are not 100% sure, do go back and watch the video! It is a good way the check your knowledge set and fill your blind points"
"Brilliant course! The video lectures were great, the materials were great, everything was easy to follow and the assignments were fun! Thank you so much for an incredible course and I highly recommend this course to anyone!"
The Author/Our Lecturer is too good and has a very good sense of humour. This kind of lecture/class makes learning very interesting and in the same time gets imprinted in my mind in an effective manner. Thank you Charles :)
Super funny professor. Not dry or monotonous at all. Mainly talked about pretty basic stuff in this course. But he is really good at explaining things and giving examples. Will take the other courses in this specialization.
"This is my second online class using Couresa and what I've liked (what has helped me) so far in this class have been the videos, I think I could have learned this on my own, but it's great listening to an actual instructor."
"Quite fun, Dr Severance goes into good detail on the topic, his lectures are quite engaging, as he has filmed himself talking, so they are a lot more personal, and less ""mind blowing"" than some hardcore programming courses."
Professor Severence makes the class fun and interesting.   The book is free and the material is chunked in a logical manner that makes it easy to follow along each week.   Great pace for anyone who also has a full time job.    
Excellent course. I learn the basics of the Python language very detailed. The teacher explains very well and is very didactic. The videos at the end of each section about the jobs and uses of Python were very interesting.
"Very big thank to Dr Charles Severance Ph.D, to technical staff Mihaela Mack and Cousera Team Member and also to MDEC for sponsor this program. The content, material and support was superb and amazing. Thank you very much."
I would highly recommend this course for absolute beginners. It is such a wonderful course for those who are interested in learning python. Definitely!!!!! I'm 100% sure that you won't regret after enrolling in this course
I think  this is the best course to learn python. i learnt more and the instructor is too good . if you haven't any background of computer you can still learn python. Dr.Charles severance is the best instructor of python .
I really learnt a lot about programming from this course I thank  Coursera for making available such courses for those  who can't afford paying I myself applied for this course through financial aid Finally thanks a lot!!!
"The best programming class on python. I guarantee no other class can solve your issues with so much intensity. It clears your basics from inner depth. Moreover, the interviews are awsome which us more insights on Python 3."
"This is a wonderful course. In beginning the assignment was quite easy but as we go further assignment was tricky in which we have to apply all of our understanding... but in all, it was amazing with excellent explanation."
Extraordinary course with an amazing content and an outstanding instructor. I feel like he is the best online instructor ever. i highly recommend this course to the beginners and everyone who wants to enhance their skills. 
"The course was refreshing, interactive and interesting. a good mixture of practical and theory with enough time to discuss issues. The course provides an extremely useful tool that will help to improve the overall language"
"One of the best course I had learned a lot of things from this starting form a very beginnerto understand  the code and how they work like from nothing to something,This will create a lot of interest in python programming."
it's really a nice and organized course for anyone. whatever your background is you will understand and enjoy doing the course and at the end of it you will learn something which will inspire you to learn more programming.
"Very good course for a start in programming. I came with no prior knowledge of programming, now feeling confident to explore further. This course is highly recommended for the beginners to get a grip on Python programming.  "
"It was really beneficial course and class. I really enjoyed. it was so interesting too, and I hope you all will make such courses for us, and thank u so much for such an interesting class, good behavior ,best methodology .  "
That was an amazing experience. Got a clear conception. Very detailed teaching method. Sharing experiences made this course more interesting. I would like to thank Dr. Charles Severance for making this course so lively. :) 
Excellent course and amazing professor. Prof. Severance illustrates the concepts in a so easy-to-understand way that even someone like me who has absolutely no background related to this field found it very easy to master.
  A very fine way to learn python programming language as the instructor deliver everything quite so smoothly and interesting way that everyone can catch the whole thing very easily. I am really happy with done this course . 
"This course is amazing. I learned a lot from this. I didn't have any idea about the python language at the beginning. But now I have it. This course is very simple, easy to understand and explains well. Thank you very much"
I Enjoyed this course a lot. Very interactive Teaching and all concepts explained very well. And on add-on those talks from technical events with masters of technology were really amazing and informative. Thanks You Sir :)
The course is very beneficial for beginners to programming. The instructor is very through in his teaching and simplifies the contend so anyone could understand. The assignments provided is god to get a base in programming
it does a great job of making the introduction to python painless and easy for even non programmers to understand and learn. I would like to explore more courses offered by coursera. thank you Dr. Chuck for great lectures. 
"Really good stuff.  I know some programming, so I really appreciated the way Dr Chuck pointed out the key things unique to Python and the slides that we'll be coming back to you.  Very good balance of CS and what you need.  "
Excellent content and by far the most professional series of instructional lectures I have come across online. Dr Chuck is a great instructor and you can tell he is very passionate about the subject. On to the next course!
"Very basic, but the class is Programming for Everybody so it should be.  Should be accessible for most learners and the course assistants are great at helping in the discussion forum for those who need a little extra help."
"I really enjoyed this course. The content was clear, well thought out, and entertaining. If you are new to the world of programming and interested in dipping your toes in the pool then I would highly recommend this course. "
"Great going so far..! I love Dr. Chuck's teaching methods. Also I was really scared of how I'm going to learn pyhton. But this course has helped me learn all basics, now I can start learning advance version and work on it."
Hats off to Prof Charles. Thank you for simplifying the course to such a level. This was an amazing course. Was able to complete it very quickly. Look forward to taking the rest of the course. Thanks a ton for teaching me!
"Great course, It was a challenging  and rewarding experience from start to finish. I am looking forward to the rest of the courses. Dr.Severance is an amazing teacher. All I can say is thank you for a first rate education."
This is an excellent course for anyone new to programming. The course is taught at a good pace. It does not rush through essential concepts. The lecturer presents each concept and explains it completely with many examples. 
    A wonderful course for beginners who wants to get their hands on Python. We feel so attached to the whole course and a big high five for the instructor Mr. Charles for his teaching. Finally thanks Coursera for this course.  
Thanks a lot to Prof. Charles Severance for having a such wonderful journey of python. I hope you will coming with some more amazing lectures like this and I am going to definitely join all those.(I love the way you teach)
"A really good introduction course of Python with hands-on exercises. The tutor is really interesting, and I had great fun and sense of achievement during the course. I highly recommend it to those who want to learn Python."
"This course is a very good complement to the textbook 'Python for Informatics'.  This particular course covers Chapter 1 - 5 only.  For the rest of the book, you'll need to follow the ""Python for Everybody Specialization"". "
"I really enjoyed this course, this was my first time learning proper programming and it was taught as well as it is possible to do online. I am really the fan of in-browser python simulator. Big thanks to people behind it. "
Great course! Clear and full of examples and helpful exercises. I didn't know anything about Python and now I feel like I can really do something with it. Going to take the next courses in this specialisation - for sure!!!
"Great and interesting course introducing Programming in Python! The instructor and his style makes it much easier to remember course content and learn Python. Besides, it was fun, because Dr.Chuck has great sense of humor."
"Is an excellent course, i studied programming and i wanted to start in Python.And this course is too easy but it was very helpful to remind concepts and practice from cero, i really loved how the professor was teaching :D"
Thank you coursera for this grateful opportunity to learn the Python language also thanks to Michigan university and also our lecturer. I have learnt the basics of the programming language and I will surely continue that.  
awesome course to follow for the beginners in  programming. I was able to understood many concepts very clearly that wasn't  clear to me before. highly recommended for the people who are starting their programming career.
"Having never done programming before, I genuinely loved this course! Python is a pretty easy and fun language to learn. The prof is amazing and makes the course interesting. Definitely try to write out each code yourself!"
"I am very happy for learning this course from the Coursera platform and the lecturers are very good and explaining everything very confidently that students can easily understand what they are learning.thank you, Coursera"
the course provided by the University of Michigan is really awesome and the instructor i.e. Dr.Chuck is really a good instructor and teaches very well...thank you for providing the course which was a amazing experience... 
"Well maintained introduction ,was completely able to adhere to what is programming ,why python,and ofcourse instructor was very well balanced he was the one for me who made me stick to the course ;he was quite encouraging"
Very Helpful Course for everyone. basically it is the most important those people those beginners in python language. Thanks so much Coursera for this lovely course without any charges. I learnt many more things from this 
  This is a great course for the ones who are starting programming with Python. If you know programming already then also it's good! You can finish it faster if you know any other language. I finished this course in a week.  
"This course offered me  the foundational principles in python programming as a beginner in python programming.  I would be forever grateful to the coursera for this eye-opening, insightful and pragmatic learning approach. "
This was an excellent entry-level course! I've had no previous coding experience and I found it very easy to follow. The assignments felt like the correct level of challenge for the material. I really enjoyed this course!
"The best course i could find for learning basics, most courses skip the very basics which lead to weak base concepts later.  The best course to learn python from the very starting as the course covers the very basics too."
This course is really simple and understandable. This course makes everyone comfortable for all computer background and non-computer background students. The tutor is really good at his explanation. I am really satisfied.
"Amazing Instructor, well prepared material. Definitely would continue the specialization.Thanks Dr. Chuck and all your helping staff for spending time and effort in preparing the course content in such amazing way.Bassem."
"As a beginner to Python, I found this course very useful as the instructor explains very basic programming concepts. So people who are not familiar to programming would not need any prerequisites to start learning python."
The last programming course I took was in the 1980's. I found this course interesting and challenging. The Dr. Severance gives a great lecture and the teaching staff is very supportive.  I'm looking forward to continuing.
"A perfect course for beginners and super easy to learn, understand and implement. Kudos to Mr. Charles Severance for making such a wonderful course for the students who want to learn new languages and develop more skills."
"Very good introduction to Python.  If you have programming experience it may be a little slow, but I view that as a bonus as you get to spend more time really learning the syntax of the language with easy data structures.  "
"Ideal for those who are starting in the world of programming, video tutorials well explained, of short duration and you start with simple exercises, when you are leaving the exercises is very satisfactory, I recommend it!"
An awesome way to start learning Python. I loved the way Charles explained the basics and I really appreciate his teaching style. I found it pretty easy to solve the assignments and also could easily complete the quizzes. 
Great for beginners like me who knew nothing about programming before. I enjoyed this classes unlike other online classes its not boring. Dr Chuk make lots of fun throughout the course which helped me to concentrate more.
Python gives you wings but you will definitely need an Automail expert engineer from Computer Science to attach them with your neural network. Charles Severance is amazing instructor and others will enjoy his classes too.
slides and video lessons were very clear and made my first programming course very easy to follow.  The course followed a very logical path that built on the prior  so you can see how the skills you learned came together.
"My first real start to coding in Python. There was no better place and better time as well. The intelligent and fun-to-be-with tutor nailed every topic so great. I learned so much in few days, thanks to Charles Severance. "
"This is the first online course I 've ever taken and this is beyond my expectation. The course is sequential with the detailed points made by the professor, which is very catchy for a rookie to start. I really like it!!!!"
"An excellent course taught by an amazing professor! I am really pleased with how professor Charles transmitted this knowledge and gave real meaning to the title ""Programming for Everybody"". It was a wonderful experience. "
"Best Python learning course for beginners by far. Specially Dr. Chuck, the instructor for the course is a brilliant tutor and makes learning much more fun. Looking forward for the next specialization offered by the same."
This course is very helpful for my career . I learn the basic thinks of python easily. And also this course was very interesting for me. And also sir Charles Russell an awesome teacher. And Thank you for the certificate.
"I can write a program without any second thought. But in this course, I learn lots of insight into computer and engineering in the machine. And lastly, python is a super language for any noob who can fit themselves here."
This is first  course which i have done online and it is good for me. I did not do programming before this course. so it's my lucky course for programming.thanks you for giving me the programming idea and for this course 
this course really helpful know about python at the basic level and my instructor charles russell severance providing great knowledge regarding python thank to coursera to achieve me something better to know about python 
"it was indeed meant for Python for everybody. Some or little knowledge of programming would help you to complete this course quickly then stipulated time period.  Thank you University of Michigan, Dr Charles and Coursera"
"I was Extremely feeling happy that I'm getting certificate from University of Michigan and very good lectures I got,and also I know somewhat python language before I'm taking this course so I felt easy while I'm learning "
Chuck is Brilliant Professor. He made me to develop my interest in python and coding and getting deeper into it. Topics coverage for an beginner like me is very well. I got an good idea and overview regarding the course.
"Excellent beginners course for python. Anyone can learn the basics with the topics covered. And end of week assessments help to assess yourself, if you are sincere enough to give them by yourself without taking any help."
"This is the best python course for someone who has not dealt with any programming language. Since I have some experiences from Java, I found this course a little bit low level ,yet still useful. Thank you Mr. Severance ."
"I was just revising my python skills while I came across this course, and have to say this is one of the best courses out there to learn. The professor goes slow for beginners and intermediates can easily go at 2x speed."
"Fantastic first course. It explains the fundamental concepts at a good pace, perfect for a person with a non-programing background (myself). Exercises were well structured and suitable for people with minimal experience."
"Dr. Chunk give a very great introduction for using python to program, the content is easy to catch up, and Dr.Chunk uses multiple flow chart and block diagrams and lots of example to make me understand the points faster. "
"thanks to dr chunk he did a very good and hard work to let us gain skills and learn from him ,,  the course content is a very good constructed ,, i really enjoyed each my module :)thanks to dr chunkand thanks to coursera "
This was a very easy and gentle approach to programming. I wish there had been more exercises for the Autograder to get additional practice and that the course instructors did not provide starting code in the Autograder.
"Good introduction level course for Python and more. Besides learning Python, it's also a good review of programming logic and style. This course is relatively easy if you have experience with other programming languages."
love the teacher sooo much... the lessons are full of enjoyment for entrance-level student. Lots of thanks to Charles and Coursera... thank you so much for providing such a great opportunity for us to learn about Python.
"I gave five stars because the course was very easy to follow, the lectures gave a feeling of sitting in a class room and listening to the professor. Secondly, the exercises were good at making me understand the concepts."
"I took the first two classes last year when I was trying out coursera. Now that I really want to pursue a python certificate, I'm going for all the classes this time.I highly recommend this class if you're new to python."
This is the best course I have ever tool online .their assessments and quizzes will help you to develop core concepts of this course . if you are beginner of intermediate you should take this course. Thank you coursera.
It is an easy-to-follow course which unpacks the basics of python programming. The professor delivers the course in a comfortable way that attracts me to keep learning and practicing the newly learned skills. Recommend!
It was really beautiful introduction to programming for me i have always been under-confident about  programming in general but this course has give me confidence towards learning more about python and coding in general 
"I am highly thankful to Dr. Charles, the way he taught the python is just stunning. He proved with his teaching that if your background doesn't relate to Computer Programming, it doesn't matter, Python is for Everybody. "
"The course is very interesting. Dr Charles Severance explanation is easy to understand and he delivered it in a fun way. This course is suitable for people who don't know about Python at all, or even new to programming."
"It was a GREAT course on python basics. The lectures don't bore at all. I have enjoyed the course , It's a great start to the absolute beginners who want to learn python. Thank you, Professor for such an amazing course."
This lesson was for everybody including those who don't have programming background and the lesson is being teach in a simple and profound way that anybody can learn to program in python. I enjoyed the lesson very much.
"Its a breeze when learning with coursera, i have no programming background and have a fear towards programming but this course combo with Coursera and Dr. Chuck washed away all my fear...Thank you Coursera and Dr. Chunk"
I have found this course very useful to understand basic concepts of Python programming & the way Charles taught was very intuitive & relaxing while learning. Will continue to learn more. Thanks Charles & Coursera Team. 
"it was an amazing experience with sir and really I don't have any prior knowledge of any language thank you, sir you really teach me what is actual programming and I will join more courses on Coursera. thanks you to all"
"This course was wonderful. As someone who has always been interested (but very intimidated) in coding, I can't recommend this course enough. The instructor was wonderful, and the material was great for testing yourself. "
"A very good course and  to start to learn python , because the instructor starts the course from the ground level ,which requires no prior knowledge.And it is hundred percent sure that you are going to like this course."
"All lecture videos are really easy to understand. Prof. Severance giving explanation really detail with good and easy logic to understand. And of course, the Team is really helpful and active in the discussion. Love it!"
"This course is perfect for those seeking a gentle introduction to Python. It takes absolute beginners with no coding experience, and sets them up nicely to participate in further learning to build on these basic skills. "
"Great Course. The instructor really breaks down the concepts and makes them easily digestible. They also dont hold your hand. While some of the exercises are simple, they progressively load and get harder. Great course."
"You just cant go wrong with this specialisation lectures from University of Michigan provided by coursera  , ultimate thanks to Dr Charles Severance for his amazing way of teaching / passing information to his audience.  "
"It was an amazing experience overall, i never really felt like i was in a class ..thats amazing ,and i have learned the foundation of python and can myself dig further as this course has provided me the skills to do so."
I really liked the course it is very interesting and i really liked the way that Dr. Chuck teach us and what i liked most in this course in the bonus part. It's really encouraging to know see those interviews. Thank you
"Great introductory course to programming (in Python). Very basic if you have just gone through a similar course for another high-level language (in my case Java), but would doubtlessly be perfect for complete beginners."
Fantastic intro for never having any programming experience. highly recommend it to anyone who's curious but scared of how daunting the challenge of learning computer programming is. Definitely wet my appetite for more!
Really good to refresh or or to start from the beginning... It was clear and hard enough to keep my interest from doing exercise and re-watch videos again. Thanks for the course! I have been browsing for quite a while..
A great course on Python and Thanks to Dr. Charles for his interesting lectures that never boring time ever for the duration of this course...  Loved every single minute of this course...  Thanks a lot Dr. Charles...!!!
very interesting and useful course for beginner. Strongly recommended for person who wants to learn programming language but thinks it's too hard. With this great teacher the programming learning will be easy and funny.
"I'm new to programming and I learnt so much. Most of all, the teacher is very enthusiastic about teaching and his lessons were so much fun, which enabled me to continue until I completed the course. Thank you very much!"
This course is a great start for someone who wants to starts coding from the scratch. Coding assignments are designed on the bases of topic of the section.  I appreciate that the course as well as the textbook are free! 
Really enjoyed this course. The professor has made learning Python very interesting through various examples and explaining the actual concepts before bringing in the technical aspects. Hope to finish the entire course.
Wonderful lecturer! I have programming background so I skipped a few lectures. I believe this is truly a good module for beginners without programming experience as the lecturer goes detailed in explaining the concepts. 
"Dr. Chuck is one of the best trainer in IT, I have seen in my 16 years of career. I am also a trainer and running training institute but I have not seen anyone close to Dr. Chuck, I wish I learn from him and help others"
Professor Charles Russell is a wonderful and joyous teacher who makes this course look so easy and interesting. The first course to the python specialisation taught the basic programming syntaxes and how to apply them.
  Oh .... This was a great course .In the starting of the course I felt some nervous about the course later on I got interest because of sample programming . Now I got some basis on python from nothing.Thanks to coursera  
"This wasn't as easy as I had thought, especially the final assignment. Nonetheless, it really dived deep into the fundamentals of Python programming. I struggled a bit in the last quarter of class, but it was worth it. "
This opened my mind to a whole new way of thinking when it comes to coding. I could see this as being so useful in my line of work. I definitely encourage those wanting to start coding to take this introductory course. 
"Awesome course. Met its objective and helped me build confidence in Python programming. Its a good step to start. Also, the teaching methodology of Dr. Chuck is awesome. He makes us feel that programming is really fun."
"Curso introductorio adecuado para quien nunca ha estado en contacto con un lenguaje de programación. Quizás sea un tanto excesivo la cantidad de material no inherente a la programación, pero al menos lo hace llevadero."
"Really good introduction to python, having completed a bachelors of science in mathematics, the concepts of this course were pretty straightforward for me, but a nice introduction in to the foundations of using python."
"Excellent course for a person with a non-technical background. The assignments were really helpful. The instructor kept me glued to the course all the time and as a result, I could complete the course enthusiastically.   "
this is nice i love this course and our instructor Dr. chuck severance he is a best teacher and his teaching style is motivated students to do something. and i got what i want thank you Dr. Chuck and thank you Coursera
Wonderful course for people who want to startoff with programing but do not have a basic knowledge of programing & wonderful clase for Phyton basics bit slow for people who know programing but want to learn only phyton 
"I finished the course in no time thanks to the very clear explanation of the instructor. Really, it can't get any simpler! I highly recommend it to anyone would like to start some Python or even programming in general."
"I am so happy that I went through this course, It was explained in a very simple manner, which make it so easy for me to assimilate, Thank you University of Michigan, Thank you Professor Chuck, and Thank you Coursera ."
  Great course for beginners.I am also a beginner .I started learning python from coursera and i think i have gathered some knowledge from the course which will encourage me to know more about python .Thank you Dr.chuck.  
"Pretty good for a totally beginner in programming. But if you like me, have some experience in other languages it seems too easy, but it's also good for me to get a clear review on what I have learnt in other languages"
"Amazing course taught by Professor Charles Severance!! I had no background of any programming language, after completing this course I am more confident of continuing with Introduction to Data Science in Python course."
Instructor does a great job in explaining foundation programming concepts to new learners. Highly recommended if you don't have any prior programming experience. Was a little too easy for me but a great way to refresh.
"Grat course, excellent professor! It is quite easy to successfully complete the course even without any experience in programming. Moreover the professor's sense of humor makes the process funny as well as interesting. "
"An overview of the basic things about python, you can finish this in one week, if you have previous basic coding experiences.This course can help you know the difference between python and other languages. Good course!"
Great introductory course to Python & programming. I thought the lectures that focused on the hardware and how your computer works/computes were unique to programming classes and were helpful for beginners like myself.
I like all the vivid examples and the hand-drawn chart used in the class. The break-up of each class is also great. I feel I learn new things every week without stretching too far. The assignment is buiding up as well. 
"This is an awesome course for learning Python, Dr Chuck is great in teaching you how to program on Python, the videos , worked example , assignments and quizzes are all excellent. I can't rate this course highly enough"
great classes and they were very helpful in understanding basic operations of python language.By doing this course my interest towards this language was increased and motivated me to-warding exploring more using Python
"It was a great course , I loved the way python language was started from the top and taken to a  good level from where I can learn all about it and make some cool projects and also do more with and in computer science."
Best course for a beginner. Professor Charles Severance is excellent at teaching. The contents were easy to follow with a very clear explanation. Highly recommended. I'm very happy that I had this course. Thanks a lot.
"So far so good, I recommend the course to anyone wanting a start in the programming world. Would like some other exercises to practice more. I know this would make the logistics more complex but this could be optional! 
"
"Great course that covers the basics of programming with python (conditionals, functions, loops). Pace is a bit slow if you have other programming experience, but you can really just fast forward through the easy stuff. "
"It was a very basic course for beginners like me,which helped to build a strong base for python from the start.the best part of the course is the lecturer charles severance, sir is one of the best lecturer i have seen. "
"It's a very good course for beginners for python. The course material is put together very well. The assignments are not really challenging if you already know programming, but for beginners it should be very exciting."
"Although its an online course,I felt the sessions were very engaging, the concepts were broken down into pieces and were presented in a very easy way !! Thanks to Dr.Chuck to make this a fantastic experience for me !!"
"This course is really helpful for me, professor Chunk is really good at clarifying concepts and analyzing examples. Thanks a lot, now I get the basic programming in python and I will continue to working on it. Thanks!"
"Dr. Charles was brilliant, all the course content were relatively easy to follow. The explanation and the methodology use was just perfect. I am  defiantly interested to continue advancing my  skill and keep learning. "
"Excelent course, the instructor is at first level, the importance of knwoing how to use python and the tool to practice with not need of install python is amazing, I recommend this course and go on with the next ones."
"The explanation was simply brilliant and for a person who had absolutely zero knowledge about coding, this was a great morale booster. I would highly encourage anyone to start their journey of coding with this course."
The course is very useful for beginners. Very easy to understand and grasp basic concepts of python.Instructor is very friendly and explains everything in super understandable way. Very much satisfied with the course. 
This course was very helpful for me to have a very good grasp over Python programming. Prof. Chuck is indeed a great teacher helping students to learn from scratch. I am glad I have successfully completed this course.  
"This is my first step in the world of computer programming before that I think that programming is not my cup of tea, thanks to my teacher Dr. Charles, after his guidance now I believe the whole pot of tea is mine :-)"
First of all i have no knowledge about python but after taking this course i got the basic ideas about python.Thank you  coursera for providing such a facilities and help the needy students their skills. Thanks a lot.
"Super course! You made me, a person who got completely stuck with Visual Basic in the bachelor time and therefore hating programming on its whole, to enjoy and to love Python! I will definitely continue! Thanks a lot!"
Python for everybody by the University of Michigan is my first experience. Course content is very good. Moreover instructor's teaching methodology is very appealing. I and enjoying both course and instructor's videos. 
"Very clear, very suitable for anyone who never has basic knowledge of coding. I feel becoming smarter after taking the course since I had a strong fear of reading codes (something seems that I'd never understand!)  :P"
"It is very useful to take this courses, and the professor and the material are so great, which helped me gain the basic knowledge and simple application of python. I am looking forward to taking the following courses!"
Amazing course! The material is very well explained and Dr. Chuck makes the online tutorials in a very fun way which makes learning more enjoyable. Would recommend to anyone looking to begin their programming journey. 
"Thank you for helping me getting started with learning a new language. It has provided me motivation to go deeper into python programming. But, I must say, the course is a very good platform for someone new to coding."
"It was really good time to be part of this training program and I really enjoy my practical class. So thank you for giving me this opportunity!
Thanks to COURSERA, Dr. Charles Severance and Team for such a nice Course"
"Really great course for beginners. The teacher is funny and the teaching materials are excellent. The pace is somewhat slow, but if you are taking this course next to your regular job or studies that is actually nice.  "
I enjoy this learning path with Dr. Severance. He made the course fun and easy to digest. I love the fact that I can learn with my own pace. I also enjoy the satisfaction from solving problems through the assignments.
This course is really excellent and inspiring. I really hope that my teachers in the really world can learn from the teaching styles of Coursera and improve their teaching which is kind of ineffective and uninspiring.
As a beginner I don't know where to start and what to practice. This course took me in a ride which helped me to learn python basics and while learning videos and resources that are available made me feel comfortable. 
For folks that have never programmed this class does a really good job of explaining the basics in very understandable terms.  wish it had a way to advance past basics into syntax for those that understand the basics.
"Although, this was my first time with python, I was up and running with a few basic codes in as few as two classes. The instructor is amazing and I enjoyed this course. Thank you Prof. Severance and the Coursera team."
"  This course is perfect for starters. I've learnt some Java and C++ before, but I discovered some fun and useful ideas in this begainer's course. Thanks to Pro. Severance, again I find programming easy and interesting."
This course has really helped me to built  a strong fundamental concept in Python. Charles Severance was really good at explaining the fundamental concepts. Hope to continue further Python courses with him. Thank you.
"Me parece una excelente opción para cualquier persona que no tiene ningún background de programación. Yo sí lo tengo, pero me hubiera encantado que cuando aprendí a programar hubiera sido de esta forma tan intuitiva."
a very good course for those who are just starting coding without any previous knowledge of any programming language. Also very helpful for people like me transitioning from a different programming language to python
"An excellent course if anybody wanted to learn python. The Teaching Faculty is exceptional. If anyone want to learn basic's of python programming, I would highly recommend you all to take this course and complete it. "
"Together with David Malan from Harvard University, Charles Severance is a genius at conveying knowledge in a compact and understandable way. The course is suitable for absolutely everybody, no matter how old you are."
This course was really enjoyable and very easy for the ones who know another programming language. Professor Severance is a great instructor. I'm looking forward to completing the next courses of this specialization. 
This course was extremely easy to follow and the instructor was probably the best I've had. Goes into detail and explains all the mechanics so you can understand why you're doing something. Would recommend to anyone!
"I had a rough experience with Python before taking this course. But this course has changed it.Now I am curious to learn more about Python and to improve my knowledge in it.Thanks Coursera, for this wonderful course. "
Excellent introduction to Programming in general and to Python specifically. Dr. Charles approach is very easy to understand and follow. I'll continue with the specialization on my way to develop useful applications.
Very good introduction to programming with python. Really goes in detail through the basics of programming and python. Although it covers only really basic things since there are other courses in this specialization.
"I am really great full to the coursera community that they considered me for such a great course which helps in all round development of programming skills, it really teaches you each and everything you need to know. "
"This was my first online course. It was a very well taught course. Absolutely enjoyed taking it, and I am glad that I took it. Very well-planned course, even for the beginners as it starts from the basics. Loved it!!"
"Very clear (maybe too clear as for experienced C/C++ programmer), but I want to learn Python! and I find it amusing to work with code on a basic level, what makes my motivation very high. Glad I joined this course :) "
"The instructor is engaging to listen too. I had already taken another beginner Python course before this one, but I learned a number of things in this class. Most notably, I have a much better understanding of loops."
"This is exactly how you want to begin to get your feet wet.  Or, if you're like me and haven't touched a programming language in more than 20 years, it is a great chance to begin to explore the advances in the field."
"Very properly designed course, never felt left out on any topic throughout the entire course.It gives the proper introduction to python as a language and generates interest for learning further about this language !!"
"This course teaches you the basic to python language, from using if, elif, else, creating for and while loops, learning about expressions and variables and types. It is a very good introduction to Python programming."
Loved the lectures and the problems were really challenging as it test my knowledge that I have gathered from the lecture and also I really enjoyed the way Dr. chuck taught ! Altogether It was really nice and helpful
I have taken many intro to python courses and gained little knowledge. This course broke things down simply and helped me to understand the reasoning behind the programming. The instructor is great! Highly recommend.
"The material was presented in a very dynamic, incremental, and engaging way.  Dr. Severance does a great job at teaching in a way that loops you into thinking to arrive at the solution as opposed to just telling you.  "
This is the best foundation course I have ever taken for Python. Dr. Chuck was amazing in explaining the details of the course in the most effective way (with some humor in between :-) ) Will be coming back for more!
I've tried multiple introductory coding courses and never been able to stick with any of them.  I really love how this course is designed to be taken in small stages so I feel like I'm always accomplishing something. 
"I love that this course explains everything from a very beginner and basic understanding! As someone coming from an entirely different field, the descriptions and explanation for Python is great! Thank you so much :)"
"I found this course very clear.  It was almost a little slow for me because I have programmed in the past, but it was a great way to get back up to speed on the vocabulary, architecture and principles of programming."
"Very informative and the combined work on the textbook and the video resources allows you to learn very quickly. I had no previous programming experience whatsoever, but I found it very enjoyable and I learned a lot! "
"It is really wonderful python course for those who have no basic sense with programming at all. Dr. Chuck is very inspiring and as well humorous, which makes this course effective and not so exhausting. Great course!"
the course is very very good for people to learn. I like the teacher so much who gives simple instructions and makes it easy to follow. I really really appreciate this course!!!! And hope to learn more about this!!!!
I would highly suggest a large degree of patience.  I am new to program and this required a large portion of patience to complete this section.  I will stay focused and complete the additional courses.  great course. 
"I have some background in programming (not advanced), so some of this was review, but it is a GREAT introduction to the world of programming, for anybody--as long as you have the interest, this is the place to start!"
It's a great intro course to PythonProfessor Severance is really great and brings it down to the lowest level one can understand. The assignment tool is pretty great as well. Gives you the errors you need to work on.
Basic but thorough. Useful if you're a beginner as it starts from scratch or if you're a seasoned developer in other programming languages as it shows you the subtleties of Python. The interviews are interesting too. 
"This course was really helpful. As I had knowledge of java and a bit of c programming , I found it quite similar to some extent. These basic building blocks will surely prove to be fruitful for advance Python coding"
A good course for Beginners.Starts with the very basics of python.The instructor explains each and every concept in an easy and understandable manner.Highly recommended for anyone wanting to get started with python.
This was a very good course that taught me a lot. This course is very important for me when i am applying  for python coding job. Thank you University of michigan for a learning  me python course.Thank you Coursera.
"I love the way instructor teach for this course ,it makes much easier to understand. Really helpfull.Thank you for designing such a marvelous course. I do not have lapi so I unable to do more course. That is a miss."
"Fantastic experience, like how the quizzes are structured to cement the new concepts, The assignments are challenging to a beginner. Would recommend to everyone who is slightly interested in python and data science. "
"Even though I am not a novice programmer, it was my first time following a course from the complete basis and i really enjoyed the pace, path and approach to the topic. I can't wait to continue with the next courses "
"As a sophemore student major in Software engineering, the content of this class is too easy. Yet it's the most interesting class I have ever taken in programming language. I will continue my journey in next part. :)"
"
Dr Chuck is very easy and fun to listen to. He is good and clear with 
explanations. I also have enjoyed some of the Bonus interviews. Looking 
forward to taking the next course in the sequence (on Data Structures).
        

"
"Excellent course. One of the first online courses that I have completed once starting. Lectures were short and informative, and the end of week quizzes and assignments gave opportunities to check learning and apply. "
I like how is structured the course and the instructor is awesome. My first language is not English and I could understand everything. The course boost me up to continue learning Python programming language. Thanks!
This course is best for learning programming for first time / non programmers. None of the other courses match the carefully aligned content of this course which gets the job done without intimidating it's learners.
The course was awesome. It gave a very nice introduction to the python language. It was comparatively easier than the course 3 so it highly motivated me to learn the python language even further. Thankyou Dr. Chuck.
"I loved the course, it made coding easy for everyone to understand step by step. Super nice course organization with simple-to-follow lectures & hands-on practices! Definitely going to continue on to the next level!"
Charles Severance has an elegant way of approaching this topic and eases you in comfortably. I've taken many programming courses and this is one of the very few I've stuck to the end. Thank you for helping me learn!
"This is really good course to start with python. Being a software engineer, I am able to complete the course by just reading slides, but I highly recommend to go through videos for someone who is new to programming."
I'm new to programming. Charles is excellent and helped me build some strong foundation in programming for python. Looking forward to complete the specialization. don't dread learning more of programming any longer!
What an awesome course! I like Python way better than JavaScript. The instructor in this course made all the difference! I appreciated how you have to dig for the answers to the assignments.... no hand-holding here!
"Good content, delivered understandably.  I like having python installed on my machine.  Another class uses jupyter notebooks online and you don't quite get a feel for how the code can interact with your own machine."
"I am grateful for having such a humorous lecturer and a joyful journey about Python. I thought it would be difficult to learn as a computing beginner, however, in this course I have gained the courage to learn more."
"Great way to introduce someone into Python from the start. As I have previous experience with Java, it was definitely a refresher to see how much simpler Python is compared to Java in terms of syntax and structures."
Great Classes! Really help me to get started with my python study! The professor is clear in explaination and homurous as well. Good class for beginners! I will absolutely recommend it and keep on learning the secon
Great for absolute beginners to programming. The prof. makes it fun. People who already know a prog.language would be able to grasp the basic constructs and finish the course in an hour or so by skipping some parts.
"Hands down the best MOOC course I've taken so far. Charles is not only extremely intelligent and creative when it comes to explaining the content of the course, but his sense of humor lightens the load of the class. "
"Had to make this course more than one time due to agenda conflict. However it is by far the best course for those who wants to start learning about programming.If you are a beginner, this is where you want to start! "
I found the course instructor to be very friendly and he made the course very interesting. The course is surely beneficial for keen learners like me with zero knowledge of programming. I really enjoyed this course.
"  Dr Chuck is an excellent teacher for beginners and veterans alike. He is clear, concise and very detailed. The pace of the material is well designed. If every class was like this, the world would be a better place!  "
"An amazing course for getting started with python, I took this course with no prior knowledge about python & now after completing I have learned a lot about python. Great course content and an excellent Instructor! "
"The course is so much fun! But even though the beginning looks easy peasy, the end will define your success. Do not rush and enjoy! I don't know, but Dr. Chuck's humor is very thin and he is a very great pedagogue!"
It was a very useful course and it has helped me acquire all the basics in python. If you are a beginner that is even if you do not even know what python is I would recommend this course to you. Thanks to Coursera.
I Love this Course for Python Programming Thanks Coursera and University of Michigan and also University of Sindh for getting me opportunity and Specially to Sir Charles Severance.. Love This Thanks for everything.
"Thank you  so much Charles Severance sir, it was a great time to gain knowledge and get familiar with programming .
     Thank you so much sir for everything .
      Looking forward to join your other courses too .
 "
"Very good course, if you have other experience with other language it would be easier....nevertheless it is still a pretty good one even if you don't. Looking forward to take the next ones and learn more of python! "
  Great course! This was my first time trying coding of any sort and I really enjoyed it. While I feel like what I learned is probably very basic I also feel like I've learned a great deal and am eager to learn more.  
I enjoyed learning python from this course. Dr.Chuck is an amazing teacher. His way of teaching programming language is quite unique and I loved it. Finally this course will surely help me in my coding foundations.
Loved it ! The exercise/assignment provided at the last was excellent since it covered all the topic ideas used till now. The pace at which Dr. Chuck taught was perfect for any student whether beginner or advanced.
"Great beginners course, as someone who has taken other CS classes at university, I can attest that Professor Severance is the person you want to be learning from. Great explanations, doesn't make the subject boring"
Alot better than other beginner python classes iv taken. some iv taken expect me to know things that i was never taught. this class iv never had to use anything i haven't learned directly from the course materials.
A great introduction for someone who knows nothing about programming - Step by step & you have all the help in the world if you need it. I love the lecturer - the references to monty python - A thrill to listen to.
"I found this course helpful to start python, so that i want to thank the university and the teachers for this great effort, and i want also to thank coursera community for letting me had  this certificate for free."
"I have said awesome enough times for this course. I loved all the tutorial videos, though tutorial would be a really kind of not enough word of expression. I am definitely coming back for the other courses up next."
Thank you !I am 37 years old and hadn't done programing since college. I'm glad to pick up this course and update myself. It's very learning - friendly and well structured. Gonna learn the rest the next 2-3 months.
The course needs a lot of worked examples both simple and complex to make the student ready. Other than that the course is superb. Let the audit access assignments and everything just like accessing the autograder.
"Looking at the powerful nature of Python and the advanced usage of it in the IT industry, I decided to do it and i must say i enjoyed it thoroughly and would recommend everyone to do this specialisation completely."
Was very interesting and useful. Would recommend to my friends ad colleagues. Session of Dr. Chuck was really Interesting. Thanks a lot Dr. Chuck for my first course on Coursera. Looking forward to the next course.
"The course explains the basic concepts of programming in a way that is easy to understand, and with a bit of humour too. I really enjoyed it and can recommend this course for all who are beginners into programming."
"Curso excelente, as aulas são divertidas e é fácil conseguir uma boa abstração da linguagem utilizada nas aulas. O professor é carismático e o material é amigável com os novos usuários de linguagens de programação."
"Big compliment to Dr. Chuck and his team for the great course ""Programming for Everybody, getting started with Python"". Feels like a face to face course. Love the way Dr. Chuck explains the patterns of programming."
"Excellent course. Very well organized and prepared by teachers. Bonus videos with Massimo Banzi, Guido van rossum and others were awesome. Thank you so much for putting together such a beautiful course on Python :)"
Excellent course to get started with Python. Even though I had prior experience of basic C coding I found this course useful in understanding the variations that exist between the two languages in a concise format.
"The course offer great study material which is easy to understand for someone who is taking a programming course for the first time.Although the assignments are easy for me, I believe they are good for a beginner."
Great Course! Clear explanation and easy to understand. Would definitely recommend to friends and people interested in coding. Wish for harder exercises. Thank you again for the great course and amazing resources!
"I have learned a lot of amazing things during the course. I just loved this course, everything is explained very beautifully and in detail. Thank you for creating this course and thank you to Charles Sir for this."
This course provide an easy way to learn python even for one who doesnot  have any idea about programming and also it clears the basic very smoothly. This is a very helpful course in the path to learn programming.
"Very easy to understand and complete. The lectures are not tiring, and the exercices are really intuitive, helping you apply what you've learned through the lessons. A great way to begin programming as a beginner."
"Dr. Chuck Sir is so amazing in explaining the basics of python programming, i am so much feeling blessed with his teaching!Thank you a lot for making programming so much easier,cant wait to start learning further."
"The professor teaching the course presents the material in a very clear, concise, fashion. You start off learning and doing code, and it continues its momentum throughout. No time is wasted, very much recommended."
It was worth of spending time. I personally felt better with programming knowledge after doing this course. This kindled spark in me to enroll with more and more courses. Thank you for creating such opportunities.
It's amazing experience while learning this course.It gives a clear vision and helps to grasp concepts very quickly.Experts help alot as they share their experience.Thank You for such incredible learning process..
I didn't know a thing about Python before this course and about programming itself -  but now I started to understand it bit by bit. So this course is fantastic - highly recommend anyone who wants to learn Python.
This course is very helpful in learning the basics of python and all about programming. The content covered in this course is very useful and interactive gives all the skills that are required for the programming. 
"This was a great experience to me but i want to suggest if its possible than please add some more basic topic which is used frequently in day to day programming like exception handling, file handling etc.Thank you"
"This is an in depth and comprehensive start to programming, computer science and Python.  Prof Severance is engaging and draws out these fundamental concepts in an uncomplicated manner.  Glad to have started here!"
"this course is very good for beginner. I love the professor and I can understand every single word he said. the assignment is good for me to practice and it reflects what I learnt in class. so, it is a good start."
El instructor es muy claro y hace las clases amenas. Las explicaciones son excelentes. Los videos muy claros. Ideal para aquellos que se inician en la programación.Me encantaría que estuviese traducido al español.
"very good for the one who is learning to program but for the person who is already aware of programming constructs, this course is kind very basic and lot of time is wasted to hear the stuff which one already know"
"It is a great course to start first exposure. If you are trying to break into coding and programming world, please be prepared to be frustrated. However, you need to know that this will pass be patient :) Have fun"
"Very well explained, extremely helpful content, much motivation involved and excellent evaluation methods. I'd recommend it to everybody who wants to embark the path of programming. This is a great place to start."
"  This is a great course, I love the delivery. It has increasing difficulty from one chapter to the next and the bonus/interview section motivates you to continue with the course. A excellent resource for beginners.  "
"This course undoubtedly is one of the best knowledgeable and exciting experience that I had ever had in programming ... the instructor, the quizzes and assignments are, in fact, unparalleled and is worth taking :)  "
"Actually, the course is just pretty easy knowing that i got a background in other programming languages. Now, i'm ready to move on to the next level. Thank you for the team who made Python easy for us. More power. "
"Ce cours est tellement très intéressant mais je ne possède aucune de ces cartes pour payer la suite. Et s'il y a un notre façon de le payer, j'aimerai encore continuer.Merci beaucoup.Cordialement,Landry NJAKATIANA"
Awesome experience of learning Python basic in such short period of time. The way the instructor explained makes the subject matter very easy even for a non-programmer like me. I am very satisfied with the course.
A person may find many courses online but it is hard to find a great teacher. Thank you Dr. Chuck for developing this course. It is an excellent course for someone who is getting started with computers and coding. 
"Really well done. I think of all the different online courses I tried, this is the one that helped push me through to start seeing coding as less of a thing to be feared and more of a language that can be learned.  "
"It is a really passionate course. For the first time here in coursera I'm really motivate to finish it all (weel, I've tried few courses). Congrats to all people from this course, specially Mr Severance.Thank you!"
"I loved the course! It was exactly what I was looking for - start learning to programme from scratch. The teacher was good as well (and really funny :D), always giving very detailed explanations and good examples."
"I like Dr. Severances' style, so far. His videos are engaging and fun to watch. I also appreciate that the textbook is available for free, as well as a ton of other Python free resources, for the sake of learning."
"I truly enjoyed the presenter, the text book, exercises and layout of the module. I started completely clueless. I still struggle with typebacks, but I am now able to start problem solving. Truly valuable course!"
I can not thank you enough to the instructor for making python so simply  explained to us. I feel like learning it more and more with the instructor. Bonus videos are like chutney to the delicious meal of python.   
"Exceptional, lively instruction by Prof. Charles Severance. This is one of the courses that has the classroom vibe. The assignments and the content gradually grow in difficulty and is thus, apt for self-learners."
"Very Good course, especially for students who have no programming experiences so for with the basics of python programming and the lectures were great. Thanks to Mr.Charles Severance, as his lectures was awesome."
  Just start with confident and Professor Charles Russell Severance is Awesome!He knows how to teach and keep your attention all along. I wish that one day I will get a chance to meet him person and learn from him!  
"Excellent course, I am very happy to have done this course, it helped me understanding better how Python works, understanding the meaning and how loops work. I am very keen to do courses directed by this teacher. "
"Great Course, good content, great lecture videos and tricky assignments. The highlight of this course is really the assignments, which cannot be solved unless you have a clear picture of the corresponding chapter"
This Course is designed in such a way that people with no coding background could easily understand the flow of lecture and explanation. Though The Professor Dr. Chucks make it interesting and fun while teaching. 
"Its exactly as the description says, a beginner course. Very conveniently put together, Slow pace course . Really helps you to get started with python very nicely and smoothly. Thank you for providing this course "
It's very best app to learn from beginner to advance.It will be beneficial for all those who have enrolled this course. It's very easy to understand because of course guide really I am very very thankful to them. 
"Very Good and smooth introduction for true beginners. However, for those with any level of programming background it could contain more content and language details in the same time span to speed up the learning."
"A very beginner friendly course, very understandable even to those who do not know other programming languages. Did not face any issue with the auto grader until the very last assignment otherwise it was perfect."
i did not know much abt python when I started this course and when the course is named python for everyone it really is python for everyone. I enjoyed this course a lot and look forward to doing the second part:)
"If someone want to learning with none programming experience, this is the suitable course for him. Charles is really a fantastic teacher, if you not only learning python but also the import concept in programming"
"It was an awesome experience learning with charles  sir and i found all the quizzes and assignments very interesting Thank you charles sir,University of Michigan and Muffakham jah college for providing the course"
"It is very interesting. I enjoyed the video classes. I should say that the course is at a very introductory level. So, it is really designed for those who do not have any knowledge of programming or about Python."
Enjoyed the teachers enthusiasm and want to teach everyone even the most beginner of programers.  Also was very easy to do everything asked in order to be successful. Can't wait to see what course 2 has to offer. 
"Those who don't have a prior programming knowledge will find it easy and those who already know a little bit of programming, this will be easier. Most importantly it covers every single basic knowledge of python. "
Dr. Charles is amazing and explains everything in a very lucid manner by giving examples from the real world that you can relate to. I would highly recommend this course for anyone who wants to start programming.
the course was nicely explained. all the joke and real life example make it more interesting but the peice of code search the most occuring word in a paragraph is still not taught even when the course is complete
"This is doable for anyone who has interest to learn coding, in this case, learning about Python. Dr Chuck has made it pretty simple to digest, learn and understand even if you have never learn or done any coding. "
I truly enjoyed this course. It was fun and interesting even when I thought the last assignment would beat me...ha ha. I loved every moment of this course! Thank you for giving me a strong foundation for Python!! 
"A great beginner course for anyone who wishes to embark on their journey in the world of programming. Excellent coursework, incandescent teacher, awesome explanations with great analogies! Couldn't be any better."
"The course was easy to follow and fit into my life between other things (work, son). The content was interesting and explained clearly. Exercises could have been harder, or at least less like the text / examples."
Wonderful class.  Really helped me refresh my understanding of python.  Also made me realize there was still a lot I did not know.   The professor was great and he articulated the material wonderfully. Thank you!
Dr. Severence's videos are highly informative and he goes step-by-step through the material in a simple and straightforward way. Free pdf book. Free help from course mentors for each week's homework. Great class!
"It's an excellent introductory course for beginners in Python. I had no programming experience or knowledge before I took this class, and now I got a basic understanding of this fascinating world. ""Hello, World!"""
Awesome for Beginners in Programming! Must take this course if you are an early learner and this course is very much focussed on basics and foundations and then it teaches the concepts binding those fundamentals.
"A really well-paced introduction for getting started with python. Even though I have programming experience, the lectures really covered the basics very well and gave me a good foundation to further learn python."
I started this course from scratch  without knowing any idea of programming.A series of well-designed lectures helpd me to keep moving forward step by step.I really appreicate Dr.Chuck.Have fund with this course!
"Very nice class. I enjoyed all the lectures, especially how Dr. Chuck conveys a concept comparing with real world things. It was nice of him to show us the motherboards and how each component works in a computer."
"I would honestly like to have more quizzes and assignments for extra practice and engagement. I love this course so much. Moreover, this was my first online course ever on an online education platform. Stunning."
This is my second Python course. Course is excellent for beginners. Instructor is very good and keeps your attention on the course. Coursera is a good platform collecting necessary things for teaching. Thanks...  
Literally I love the course and learned the basics of programming and Python. And I wanna say thanks to the Coursera team for providing such a course. Last but not least I'll be grateful that I took this course.
It is an amazing course where you can learn the basics of programming. It´s quite interesting understand the way you can communicate with your computer. Thank you to all the people who make possible this course. 
"When I started this course, I know only the basics of Python, but with this course, I learnt the basics in detail. Thanks a lot to Charles Russell Severance sir, the way you explained the course is Excellent!!!!"
"it's really a helpful course for beginners. Usually, online courses are boring. But this course is capable to hold the interest of the learners. Also, I become a fan of  Dr. Charles Severance during this course."
"Excellent introduction into Python. I've particularly enjoyed Dr Chuck's style - very engaging! Also try reading the free book 'Python for Everybody', which goes alongside the course, to make the most out of it."
"This is a wonderful course. I would highly recommend this to anyone, even for the people without any prior knowledge about coding. It is a good start for anyone who has an interest in learning about programming."
"yeah!!!!Actually i learned from other sources by their video lecture earlier, but the way MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY and charles sir taught is very appropriate and give me a epic way to understand the basicsThank you!!"
"I would like to Thank Coursera for this wonderful course. I also would like to thank Mr. Charles Russell Severance for such amazing, Interactive, and fun learning. Looking forward to attending your more classes."
Best online course for the beginners. It will slowly take down to the deep level. That's why you did not realize how complex it is gonna be. It will surely motivate you to take the next course like it did to me.
Mr Severance is one of the best instructors I have come across so far. His teaching seems effortless and the course content was just right. It included all that a beginner should know and the exercises were fun.
it is a great course for one who has some knowledge about programming but didn't go further into it and wants to restart.I didn't like the C/C++ syntax so left programming at an early stage but python is love...
learning python using online platform coursera is really a wonderful experience. i have enjoyed a lot during classes and the assignments are very tricky and good. i would recommend every one start using coursera
  This was a very very nice course !!! Dr.Chuck taught python very nicely and appreciably !!!I recommend all of you to continue the second part of this course i.e. data structures which also a very good course !!!  
"Fantastic course for beginners. Apt content, interactive modules, great instructors and a lively forum makes this course even more beautiful. Some more good resources will make this course even better i believe."
"Excellent, Lecture videos were broken into small parts whereby it's easy to understand and digest. Assessment given were relevant to what was taught for each segment. Navigating around course contents were easy."
"The instructor is very informative and is very good at explaining the basics of Python to a complete novice.The coding examinations are actually quite challenging, allowing you to put your knowledge to the test."
"A very interesting course that teaches you basics of data structures and lets you build on that and explore. The instructor explains the concepts in a very lucid way, which lets us grasp the concepts right away."
"Very powerful and good teacher, really good. Very easy explanations, very deep knowledge. Self-confidence. Great in few words. If you want to start to learn Python, that's the course and that's the teacher. Sure"
This is a well built course for people who know nothing or just a little bit about the programming on python. Dr. Severance explains everything quite simple and understandable sometimes using some cool examples.
Prof. Severance has made learning Python easy and fun! Two thumbs up. Hats off to him for taking time to write a book on Python Programming and making it available for everyone - free. Thank you Prof. Severance.
This course if very well presented for both individuals that are new to programming and those that have been away from programming for a few years that need a refresher before moving on to more complex programs.
"Very nice course, but very simple for people that already has experience in programming (I have a lot of experience in VBA and Matlab, although none in Python). I guess the next courses will be more challenging."
"Prof. Severance is a fantastic teacher. I'm so happy to see people like him committed to good quality learning for everyone. I got the print version of the book, which helped me go though the course more easily."
I am glad as i could never think to learn programming so easily.As i am other than computer science background i was literally thinking that it would be tough to me but now  i have a confidence that i can do...
Exceptionally outstanding. I loved the Instructor Dr Chuck. He is a legend in teaching and I highly recommend. I really do love his style of teaching and passing on the concepts. So its definitely a 5 out of 5. 
The course was very helpful in upgrading my knowledge. Really enjoyed learning python. The plactical questions in every topic really helped me in understanding syntax and minimising errors while writing a code.
Instructor sir Dr. Charles Russell Severance's lectures are very useful and easily understandable. After all I have enjoyed this course very much. Its my wish to meet Dr. Severances in future.Thank you sir.. :)
A very helpful course for all the ones that want to start career in programming. The instructor starts teaching for very beginning like how computer works. Overall its a very nice course and easy to understand.
Tasted the flavor of Python. All the sessions were very simple and encouraged the beginner like me to fall in love with Python. Practice sessions were really wonderful. Wish to continue learning Python further.
"first of all thank you very much prof. Charles Russell Severance. You are amazing faculty. Your teaching style boost confidence in me. This course is very good for one who don,t know anything about programming."
"This course Programming for everybody, getting started with python is really very good, interesting, interactive and efficient. This course really helps in learning and brushing up the basic concepts of Python."
Those who have basic knowledge of Programming Skills and switch to Python this course and Coursera platform is very effective. Given Superb inputs. Thanks to All who are supporting  and executing this platform.
Very Excellent study in this course and this course teacher teach very easy and simple way thank you sir for learned python and i suggest all learner must join and learn this course throw and thank you coursera
"it was extremely helpful for me because I didn't have a modicum of programming knowledge and now  I wrote a complete while loop. I am excited to see what's next. Thank you, COURSERA  and Dr. Charles was amazing"
"Well, I didn't saw the lectures completely as I was pretty familiar with the language. But for beginners this course is really good as it tests your basic understanding of the programming fundamentals in python"
Professor Chuck has a very charming and informative way of teaching that we don't find in teachers these days. Thanks a lot for giving us this opportunity to learn an be a part of this growing Python community.
excellent course . got to know about the basics of python programming.i knew c language before so didnt have much problem learning through this course .i would like to further take the course on data structures
The course is structured really well and the pace is perfect. Dr. Severance explains the material in a simple and enjoyable way. Highly recommend this course for anyone who wants to get started with programming
"Very good introduction to Python language. Short, clear, Charles explains everything in simple words and examples. For those who never worked with Python this course will be very useful. Very good job, Charles!"
"Good course to get started on python, the way it is explained by Charles Severance is amazing as anyone with no prior programming knowledge can easily learn, Thanks Charles and Coursera for the wonderful course"
"Excellent communicative skills by Prof. Severance, and a very well structured introductory course to Python! The overall flow was very good and it kept me interested at all times. I highly recommend the course. "
"I am new to programming and tried other resources before . I must say that this is one of the best courses that i have come across till now. The teaching method is simple, concise and very effective. Thank You."
"Professor Severance explained the concepts very well with analogies, which made it easier to understand the course! Would definitely recommend this course to others!Thank You for sharing your knowledge with us."
"This is my 1st course with Cousera and thanks to Charles Severance for the introduction to Python programming. His experience is shown in the form of materials, assignments, explanation with real-time examples. "
"This course is really very helpful for beginners. I goes through every basics concepts of python, solved every assignments and programming quizzes. It's really helped me in understanding all concepts of python."
"I wish we had went through a lot more in looping especially ""for"" loop because I still don't know at this time if we would have to spell out every single loop like for (1,2,3,4,5,6...) instead of for (1 to 10)."
It is a very good course for the beginners as well as experienced programmers. Mr.Charles has explained the course very well and it certainly boosts the confidence of the programmer to take up complex projects. 
"Dr. Chuck makes it easy to wrap your head around the (initially) obtuse language of Python, that humans use to issue commands to machines. Just remember, Traceback Error is not to be feared, but to be expected!"
An overall great teacher and interesting material provide a pleasant learning experience. I definetly recommend this class to anyone who like to have a structured class with the freedom to choose when to learn.
"Basic and innovative. The very first lecture that introduces us ""What python is"" is especially interesting and fundamental. The discussion about the essence of one programming language is helpful for beginners."
"Nice course! The instruction is clear and fun. I enjoy the ""interaction"" with  Dr. Charles Severance during the lecture. And I really like the bonus videos, like interview with the creator of python every week~"
A very basic beginners entry into computer programming.If you are a beginner this is the place to start. If you have some experience then you may find this course a bit simple (but a refresher is always useful)
"This is a great course!! It moves a good pace and allows those with full time job to continue to learn and sharpen their skills. I love the material that they make available to the students, it is very helpful!"
Loved everything about: The exercises were difficult enough. The lecture videos were easy and interesting to follow through. The instructor was fun and relatable. One of the best MOOCs out here on the internet
"  Very amazing course! I didn't know Python language, but I'm not beginer in computer programming and I may say that the introduction to Python and, overall, to fundamentals of computer programming is very good.  "
"First of all thank you so much for improvising my knowledge to Next extend. This is the best in everything I really mean a lot it's been perfectly good in everything like teacher, guilding, responding ....etc. "
"this course is mainly useful for the beginners who doesn't know the basic about python or any other language, the explanation of the topics are very good and thanks for the awesome materials which are provided"
This course was very helpful. I learned a lot and love this course. Dr.Chuck is a great teacher. His explanation is very good. If anyone wants to learn python from scratch I will definitely suggest his course.
"I just want to thank the ""University of Michigan"" for providing us this course and the instructor Sir Charles Severance has nailed the course with his teaching. The course is interactive though it is not live."
"One of the best course I have ever encountered. Thank you Dr. Chuck. I will finish every course you have on this platform. Hope in near future, I could learn personally from you by visiting to your university."
The course is awesome if got stuck there are staffs to help it out. But I suggest please provide the solution to each assignment in learners' mail who have completed the course. Or the learners who ask for it.
Great course to get started with Python for both who are completely new to programming as well as those who have some experience in some other programming language like me. Looking forward to learn a lot more!
This course was amazing. I have learnt a lot of new things about programing. Though I had a previous experience with what programing is but this course cleared most of the tough parts I didn't understand then.
I never took a course from Severance before and I must say I am really impressed with him. He can explain and make you understand something in a fun and good way. It's been a pleasure to learn Python with him!
Everyone think that learning a program language is very tough.But Python made it all inverse it is very fun to learn this language and Dr.Chuck was good enough to train this course to learners. I love Coursera
A really good course. I learned a lot of things in python programming (basics). Looking forward to doing more courses with Coursera and Michigan University. I would love to undertake the next course in python.
This was my first Coursera class. I did enjoy it a lot. I am brand new to programming and the lessons seemed informative and comprehendible. I will definitely continue with the other 4 segments of this course. 
  Great advent to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is damaged down making it easy to understand. Had 0 programming experience before and this elegance made it clean and fun to get into.Thanking you!  
"A challenge and a strong edge on personal development in this specification, I'll continue to the next class Data base and complete all the python courses until I'm finished, I love coding and thanks Coursera."
"This course is great for beginners. Dr. Chuck explains programming concepts in a comprehensible way. Programming is new to me, and I was overwhelmed by the information available. This course can be your guide!"
"This course is just amazing, it is very easy to start your programming journey through this course, no prior programming is required, fundamentals are taught in a very easy and interesting way that I loved it."
"On this Teacher's Day (5th Sep in India), I must say Dr. Chuck is one of the best teachers I've learned. It is so easy to follow the course and I am able to do all the exercises quite easily. Thanks Dr. Chuck."
"Excellent Course. Professor Charles Severance was very helpful in telling us what we needed to know and how to do it. I'm happy to have taken this course, and recommend it to others who want to explore python.  "
Really gentle intro into Python and programming starting with Hello World and going through conditionals and loops. Enjoyed the way the instructor explained concepts to help the student think like the machine.
"The content includes basic knowledge of python and skills. With some programming backgroud, it is easy to pick up python after watching these courses videos and finishing the assignments. It's helpful. Thanks."
"Great instructor, structure of the material for this class was great, and presented the material in an easy to understand format. I highly recommend this class to anyone who wants to learn the Python language."
"This course is very interesting and taught by a very good teacher, I recommend you to make Hebrew subtitles too it will help in succeeding in this course.I had a lot of fun to learn from you Charles!Thank you!"
Thanks Chuck. It was really nice classes. I have enjoyed a lot. Specially you are asked me a question to answer :) . I am from Bangladesh. I wonder if there is anybody from completed the same course from here! 
It's a very nice and detailed course for everyone who wants to get started on Python! Oh and the guy who is teaching is has a lot of love and passion for what he wants to teach us so that makes it even better!
One of the best online courses I have done -mostly as a refresher so I ran through the whole thing in 2 days (about 4h of work) but it got me interested in completing the whole series within a couple of weeks.
"I learned a lot in this course. The instructor, Dr. Chuck, explains things in a really easy to understand way.  I would highly recommend this as a starting course for anyone with minimal programming knowledge."
Very good for starting with the basics and getting hands on with some nice assignments with nice videos. One thing to note is the instructor should spend less time in comparing python to a human and 'talking' 
Excellent materials (lecture and print) and pacing. The exercises were good at applying what we studied without just repeating what we had seen. Thank you for the intro. I'm looking forward to the next steps.
Great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand. Had zero programming experience before and this class made it easy and fun to get into.Helpful?
It was an amazing course ! Thank you coursera  for giving me the opportunity  to learn python. And special thanks to Dr. chuck for all his efforts. i would suggest this course to all the new ones on coursera.
excellent professor..he done an excellent job. special thanks to sir.. but in graded tool 7th assignment.....sir didn't teach about try/except. But anyway successfully completed the course with a lot of tries
"recommended for programming beginner who wants to learn the concept of programming. it's very easy to understand and visualized. for loop, while loop, if else, expression, variable, all are explained clearly."
Dr chuck is very great mentor he's way of teaching is very niceHe's define things very clearly without any doubtOf someone ask me for learn python i definitely suggestGo for Python for everybody from coursera
"Great course to begin programming with python. Not recommended to anyone having any prior programming language knowledge. It will be a waste of time. But for a beginner, this is an awesome course to enroll in"
This course is excellent in many ways1.The way of teaching2.concentrating on how Python understands our code instead how to write a prog3.how code is executed4.assignment test are east at interestingThank you
"If you are a beginner, this course would be very helpful for you. I would like to suggest this course also to those who have started coding but their concepts are not clear and finding difficulties in coding. "
"Fantastic! Dr. Chuck made the course interesting and relevant while also helping to demystify some of what I perceived to be the most challenging parts of elementary python.  Awesome course, highly recommend. "
"Very good course with an awesome instructor. The content is easily understandable. It is a good mixture of video, text and graphics/flow diagrams. The quizzes and tasks are neither too easy nor too difficult. "
it's a great course.. it very helpful  who just start learning python.. and i would like to change respected Dr.Charles sir for their teaching Efforts and coursera for Giving Such a great Plateform to learn.. 
I believe this course has the right pace and content for people who want to learn to program but don't want to become a computer scientist necessarily. The course is very well delivered and I really loved it. 
"Great intro to Python. Even though I have previous knowledge of other programming languages, this is still useful for me to get used to syntax and remove habits of other language (curly braces and semi-colon)"
Truly this course was a great . Here I know what is really programming.I want to recommend to all Who's wanna know what is programming and learn Python .Thanks Coursera and thanks Teacher Charles R. Severance
This course is very good for those who just getting started with programming. The instructor is really great and explains the concepts with very interesting examples which keeps the lectures more interesting. 
"I had my doubts regarding how this course will be structured and whether I will be able to keep up since, I am not of a computer science background. However, the course was very friendly and target the basics"
I really like Dr. Severance's teaching style!! He actually talks about Python coding in 'plain English' and he pops in a few jokes into the lessons. The assignments are relevant and help me learn. Thank you!!
"I have really enjoyed this course!  Dr. Chuck is by far one of the best instructors that I have ever had the pleasure of being taught by.  Thank you Sir, for such as great experience!  I look forward to more."
Great intro to Python coding for someone like me who had zero coding experience before starting. Course has an easy to follow structure and provides content in a manner that can be understood by novice coders
The instructor introduces the basic programming codes for Python which is really helpful for the further studying in computer science. It's clear but I'd recommend to make the course content more challenging.
A great course to get going with Python with a lot of help from Dr Chuck in making sure the understanding is there at the first place. The emphasis on using the command prompt to run codes in python will be o
"I found the course very useful for the first encounter with programming. Lectures are very intuitive, easy to follow and fun. I feel like I have managed to successfully learn the basics of Python programming."
"just brilliant, i am a mechanical engineer and the way this course was introduced to me till i wrote and successfully wrote my first program, it was just a great learning experience.hope to meet you soon sir. "
"The training was simple to follow and easy to understand. At times it was really too basic, but then experienced programmers are perhaps not the intended audience in this case anyway. Good work and thank you."
"really like this course, professor is pretty cool the way he explain all things is very impressive and videos are amazing even you don't get bored and lot's of thing you will learn in a small interval of time"
It is just amazing course for student who want to start learning. The content of this course is arranged such that student is completely understand why you study this course? and all those type of questions..
This is a good introductory course. Prof. Chuck explains the concept in an intuitive and concise manner that is easy to understand and relate to. The bonus videos at the end are an absolute delight to watch. 
This course is Excellent for Newbies to start with. The instructor is very friendly and teaches concepts in a way even 5year kid will understand. I strongly recommend beginners to take this course. Thank you
It was really the great experience for learning programming for everybody with python. Mr.Charles Russell has taught like friend .He is really a amazing person. Thank you so much for providing this platform.
"This course is really amazing, I never liked programming, but Prof. Charles made everything looks so easy. I really enjoyed and learnt a lot.print(""Thank you Coursera, for providing us such amazing course."") "
  The instructor was the best. The quality of the course was very good. I learned a lot by taking this course. I would definitely appreciate beginners to take this course if you want to get started with python  
"Well explained. concise. I would urge if examples can be re-looked at. I got a little confused with examples at later stages, especially in the Week 7 lectures. But otherwise, pretty good and well simplified"
Very easily and thoroughly explained by the teacher. I'd love to follow the pipeline of courses following this current course and I'd also recommend the course to anyone wishing to learn python from scratch.
The course is so amazing! I love professor Severance because he is humorous and I can always get the point under his guidance. I am sure I will continue to learn other courses taught by professor Severance ! 
"This course is awesome. i have learned lot of basic things like data structures, different modules, funstion, and all. I woud like to thsnk to coursera and Dr. chuck for giving this wonderful lecture for us."
"Thanks, Dr.Chuck.....you just made programming so easy for me......thank you so much!will now try to work on this basics and return to the second part of this course that is data structures!thanks, Dr.Chuck!"
This course made it very easy to understand python language. The professor taught it in a simple way which was very easy to understand. I recommend this course to everyone who is getting started with python.
This is the best course I have ever seen for python language learning. The way of teaching of Dr. Chuck is so amazing and interesting and deliver all topics very easy way. Thanks sir for created this course.
"THe course has given me a good overview of the basics to pyhton. Will look forward for advanced courses and realting it to the machine learning, artificial intelligence, image processing, etc., applicaitons. "
"                 Great
experience, I recommend it if you want to learn Python. The course is also good
for people with no experience programming. Even though, I have experience
programming, I never got bored with the course.    "
Its a very good course for beginning of python. Sir teach us from very basics of python and it's a good thing about this course and I am very excited to do this specialization course of Python for Everybody.
It was very nice course for beginners. The way instructor taught the course is very well and i was very interested with the bonus chapters how different tools or software they created or developed. Thank you  
"Very good introduction to the subject matter, which doesn't dive in to quickly.  There were no moments of feeling lost, because the presentation is gradual, and uses simple analogies to explain the concepts."
"I loved the way Dr Chuk delivers the lecture. I am new to python and could easily do all the assignments here just because whatever taught was directly going into mind. Loving this course, will complete all!"
A very helpful course for anyone and everyone who wants to learn this language (even without prior knowledge about programming). Highly recommend it to those who want to learn python as their first language.
"The lectures are really enjoyable and simple. Well constructed and well built. I enjoyed this course a lot. Thank you.Note: it is for extreme beginners. If you have some info on programming, you can skip it."
"This was a very brief and valuable introduction to Python programming and, specially for my who had limited experience in programming, it was very good to have a slow paced introduction to this new language. "
Very nice course. The instructor have a really good presentation skills and could bring the subject to a  really simple language.Should improve the captions size in the videos. In my notebook it was too big.
Thank for the course it was GREAT!! I can´t believe I actually did it! :) All the videos were very clear and the resources easy to find and use. I loved the idea of the auto grader. Thank you for everything!
"To get an initial level of knowledge in programming, this course is simply magnificent. Easy presentation of material. All training material is provided. Over assignments sometimes you have to sit and think."
A great introduction to Python! Thank you to Charles Severance for the online support and all the materials provided to go through this class smoothly. Definitely doing the Course #2! Highly recommend this c
"My only programming experience was a few C++ lessons on UNI years ago and probably helped me a bit here, nonetheless this was a very begginer friendly course. I had a great time learning and will keep at it."
Excellent course for a beginner in the field of computer programming. This course is best for the one who wants to start computer programming in one of the most easy programming language in the world PYTHON.
Class was fairly trivial  for someone like me who previously had six months of java under my belt. However for someone who is beginning programming will have a solid understanding of python with this course.
"If you're a beginning programmer, Python is an excellent computer programming language to learn, and this course can make a successful start (if you do your part) on your journey to becoming a Python expert."
"This is the first python class I took and it's awesome. I love the teacher and his great explanation, very easy to follow. The pace is great for a beginner like me and a big plus for a great and free course. "
This was an excellent introduction to Python. The lectures are interesting and easy to follow. The instructor has great personality and makes you excited about learning python. It made me want to keep going!
Dr. Severance explains the basics of Python very well.  I was able to do the entire course in 1 week (2-3 hrs a day) with no previous programing experience.  Very pleased with this course and will continue. 
"I really enjoy the lecture and the instruction of Charles. Thank you, Charles and Coursera. Online video course offers me a more efficient way to learn Python that just reading books and learn it by myself."
"It was a great experience to learn so many things which i always wanted to from this course and the instructor, Sir you were great and i hope i see you soon in the next course i hope and i wish. Thankyou !!"
It's really fun to learn with Dr. Charles Russell . He is a funny guy and his teaching is awesome. As a beginner of programming with Zero knowledge it's really easy to understand and helps to clear doubts .
  This helps a lot for who stated python and who don't know python... The explaining of course is alo for level of students who are new to coding part or programming it has littel of stuff of logic alos... :)  
"Excellent course, I definitely recommend it! I had no experience in programming and I was so surprised that I understand everything! Dr Chuck explains very good, he is a great instructor, thank you so much!"
It was really very helpful and I'am pretty much confident now that I can cope up with python now.My problems were also solved in discussion forums which was damn impressive.Thank you Coursera and Dr.Chucks.
Excellent Course for Beginners as well as who have learned other basic languages. The Instructor's Teaching skills are outstanding. Highly Recommended for those who wants to learn programming in easier way.
"A very good course for beginners who don't know from where to start learning python.Teacher is very good and tells the mistakes that most of the newbies do.Overall, its a good course to get a hang of python"
"Hi, everyone!I've completed this course, this course would clear all your doubts you could possibly have at the basic level. I think it is the best course on the internet to start with.Good luck :)Thanks!!!"
It's a great experience learning python for me with have no IT experience. Prof. Chuck makes a great explanation and easy understanding. I think that continue lessons would be a nice idea for the next step.
Great course for new developers and experienced alike. Instructor was great and all of the bonus material is quite interesting. It's important to learn the history behind the software you're learning about!
This Course has been a great one for me as it explains how to code efficiently in python. From that perspective I think I have learned a lot. Want to continue and finish next courses ASAP. Thanks Dr. Chuck!
"Definately reccomended if you're a complete beginner to programming. I already knew the basics of a few other languages, so I got through this course relatively quickly. I still learned new things though :D"
"This is an excellent introduction to Python. I am a physician with an interest in data science, and I was able to grasp the concepts easily. Looking forward to the rest of the courses in the specialization."
It is a really good course for someone who is new to programming. Videos are interactive . Quizzes and assignments help student evaluate themselves and give them change to  learn and work on missing skills.
"Love this course.  Very easy to follow.  The lecture videos are great.  Prof. Charles explains everything in complete details.  As a beginner to coding, I grew deep interest in programing after this course. "
"Charles Severance is a great instructor, even though it was an online class i was able to keep up with all the lessons. I'm looking forward to begin the next course and all the new stuff i'm going to learn."
"Py4e is a great course! People with zero programming background or knowledge, like me, find it very easy to understand and follow up! Lecturer is supreme and mentors are so helpful as well! Thank you a lot!"
Thanks for the opportunity to provide me lectures to get started with Python language. Dr. Chuck is really a python rock-star. I recommend this course for any starters and even intermediates in programming.
It was an excellent course. I love the way Sir Charles teaches things with so good examples. They are so good that I learn the things on the spot . It was just awesome. Thank you for such an amazing course.
"The lectures are easy to follow. Walking you through how each operator works/does.The projects reinforced the chapter lectures, reinforcing the lecture content.As a beginner to Python it was easy to follow. "
Very easy to understand and the assignments properly tested our ability to apply my programming skills. I strongly recommend this course if you just want to understand the basic structure of python scripts. 
Great course ... really tries to introduce programming to the novice and works hard to avoid intimidating the learner. I had great fun (though I've had prior experience with C programming) doing the course. 
"The pacing of the teaching was excellent! For someone who is easily frustrated by the literal nature of programming, I developed some sympathy for its binary nature in this course - that's not an easy feat."
This is an excellent course for someone who is new to programming and all the topics has been covered very nicely and illustrated easily by keeping a novice in mind. Great course to learn about programming.
Dr chucks is awesome teacher I ever met with the way he explains us is just awesome and I want to thank Coursera for introducing such a nice teacher to us 💯💯 I'm so excited to see more and more videos 🤗
Dr. Charles Severance is able to turn a dry topic like programming and make it relatable to the average Joe. This course is definitely the first stop you should make if you want to learn about programming!
"Course is awesome just one suggestion. Sometime same variable name using to assign different value i get confusion in that, may be other to. Apart from this superb syllabus and material. Thank you so much.   "
"Great immersive introduction to Pyhton by Dr Charles Severance, who did a splendid job in explaining all the topics throughly and that too with fun and from time to time with a much needed sarcasm as well."
"Fantastic! Thanks Professor Severance, you are a great teacher. From an italian chemistry student that has changed the thesis into a software simulation one and need basic programming skills, Grazie mille!"
"""Programming for Everybody"" is a wonder full course offered by coursera. The way of teaching is very good with all assignments and quiz tests. I will definitely recommend everyone to enroll in this course. "
"Nice Course for beginners. If you have a little prior knowledge of programming in c, c++, java or other, you will love this course. If you know nothing about programming this is a nice course to start with"
Very nice for beginners and Dr. chuck is such a  brilliant teacher. I like the way he explains. This course also has graded assignments which will help anyone to apply the concept he learnt in this course.
"The course is amazing. The instructor is the absolute best. It was difficult for me to cope up at first, coming from an arts background, but the interactive videos and the discussion forum helped me a lot. "
  Great instructor with simple yet powerful explanations. This course is great for people who have no prior programming experience. Programmers will find this as an easy entry point to start learning python.  
Easy to understand lectures. I found the coursework easy to achieve but frustrating trying to match the expected results. Overall I think it is a good start for anybody who has no knowledge of programming.
Perfect introduction to programming in Python. Easy for beginners (like me). Finished the course in less than a week (2hrs/day). It helps to buy the book (10$) to prepare for the assignments. Great course!
"I am a MS Mechanical Engineering graduate, I have beginner level programming knowledge. I was able to complete it in 10 days. After 4th week the assignments becomes little tricky. His lectures were useful."
"Dr. Charles is a very experienced person who has a lot of knowledge in the field of programming, yet he delivers a simple yet powerful classes with all the content explained thoroughly and comprehensively."
"its relatively easy even for 100% business school students, yet i didn't get any practical skills which could be used in working occasions, hope the whole serious of courses will save my desperate life T_T "
"Really good entry-level python course, even for those without any programming experience! Everything is explained in detail. And also, I love the lecturer! I am going to take the following courses as well. "
It is really an excellent course and suitable not only to the beginners but also to an experienced programmer like me.I really have got a lot of funs out of it and I gonna start the next onein the serise:)
"It is great learning experience. This is my first online course, but it is very interactive. This can be understood by all beginers with ease by the well quoted examples on how to approach for programming."
The course was very satisfying.The instructor was very excellent in that he was well grounded in the course content and was very articulate.I extremely enjoyed and benefited from every part of the course.
"Very good introduction to python and basics concepts of programmation. Charles is an excellent teacher, it make easy to understand the different concepts of programmation that are included in this course."
Couldn't have asked for a better teacher. Thank you Dr.Severance for your wonderful and intuitive classes. This course is truly for everyone. And remember 'traceback' error isn't a personal attack on you.
it was great experience online from Mr. Charles Russell. The course is taught in a very simple way that any one who even dont have programing back ground can learn easily. Looking forward for next course.  
"Very comprehensive course and great teacher also very funny, I consider this course to be one of the best I ever enrolled in, learned a great deal I recommend this course especially if you are a beginner."
The teacher has a brilliant and interesting way of teaching and explaining concepts and has a great knowledge about what he is teaching. I enjoyed learning from him and will take more courses on coursera.
"When i started this course i had zero programming knowledge, but i watched each day as i learned step by step.  I am looking forward to the next part of this program. I have learned so much and i love it!"
"This is a perfect introduction class for anyone to learn python, especially for people with no previous programming experience. Dr Chuck is an excellent teacher and takes you step by step to learn python! "
This was a wonderful course! It got really challenging me in Chapter 5. It took what I knew in .Net to help me try and figure out the solution for the graded assignment. I look forward to the next course!
The initial impression that I got from the instructor was very nice. really appreciate all the hard work that he put into it and quite excited to learn more about python and looking forward to this course 
Great Course for beginner to learn Python from Basic.Instructor is very nice and have an excellent way of teaching.His intensity and enthusiasm towards this course makes this course even more interesting.
Fun class that is easy to follow and will not take the 7 weeks stated. Users can complete it in much less time and will find themselves coming back more frequently as they get into the practice exercises.
I can only recommend this course for absolute beginners in programming. It starts with the hardware part and introduces programming in Python stepwise. The autograder tool for the assignment works (and is 
"This was an amazing course. His lectures were very easy to understand and this course is great for programming beginners. If you have background knowledge for programming, you might feel this course easy."
Really thorough introduction to Python. Is perfect for anyone who has never been exposed to a programming or coding language before. Easy to follow and the enthusiasm of the instructor is infectious!!! :) 
Awesome course. It was fun learning python and listening to the lectures was very interesting. I really appreciate all the efforts put in by the entire team to make such a easy to learn course for python.
The instructor was very helpful.  The material made a lot of sense after he explained it.  The course was much better than other online ones I've done where you just type commands with little explanation. 
The classes were great - very informative. The discussion forums was my favorite - I was able to get live help on the hw assignments from classmates and mentors. Thank you for a great learning experience! 
Pretty awesome course to do as a Python beginner. Being a computer science undergraduate myself felt that this course can be taken up without having any prior knowledge to programming. Go house Slytherin!
"Great courses! Thank you , Charles Severance, for making it easier to understand. Your lectures are always very informative, interesting and interactive.And thanks for such a great platform as a Coursera!"
Great introduction.  Dr Chuck covers the critical pieces without throwing everything at you.  Highly recommend it for people learning from square one or just wanting add another language to their toolkit. 
"very good course, takes you step by step and teaches you all you need to do for a good basis of programming.  for those who want to remove some rust, you can just read the lectures and run on this course.  "
"A great course on the basics and functioning logic of python. The Instructor does provide good insight and examples on how everything works in detail out and thus, the material to learn seems quite easy. "
"The Professor is Exceptional. Never have I ever heard some concepts like that ever in my life. I will forever be indebted to you sir, for making me love programming so much!!!!Lots of Love From India...."
I enjoyed learning very much because excellent explanation is given by Dr. Charles Russell  Severance sir in each video in accordance with book. Thank You sir and coursera team for providing this course.
so good and clear . highly useful . continue ur great job . thank you so much sir without it wouldnt have been this easy for programming. may god bless you with long life to inspire more students like me
"The course was nice as per my expectations still there is a room for improvement everywhere, I suggest  that reading material provided could've been better, unlike that overall I liked this course a lot."
"Thank you so much sir,I am interesting in python and I am studying your course and I am improve in my programming skill and I hope I will improve more than and more,so I pay highly recommend your courses"
"Loved this course, Prof Chuck leads you through the course in his own style.I found the jump from understanding what he was talking about to the last assignment a little steep, but I got there.Thank you!"
"Charles Severance provides easy-to-follow explanations and really takes his time to explain every step of the code. After taking other courses in this platform, I can say that this course is top quality. "
"I have completed my first course on Coursera that is good for me and Dr. chuck is really good trainer for this course. His teaching style is very different to other, and make understand in very good way.          "
One of the best python course for beginners. Charles was a fantastic lecturer who teaches us programming in a fun way. Must-take course if you want to have a good foundation for your programming journey. 
"Really appreciated. Although the beginnings were quite slow and professor was getting to the point quite slowly (what's CPU, what's memory,...) then the course got the right pace and I really enjoyed it!"
This was one of the best courses i have attended so far.Charles severance is one of the best Professor in the world. I would highly recommend people to enroll in this course to learn the basics of python
Before I took this course I was fallowing some tutorials online. But after taking this course I have realized that this course really helped me to understand computer programming language(Python) better.
Excellent course! I tried learning Python from manuals at my own page but the books never quite explained it so I could understand. Taking this course held me accountable.  I highly recommend this class!
"Overall some of the best introductory course-work I've found on coursera. There are always struggles, but if you keep pressing on and approach with a desire to learn, you'll enjoy this course thoroughly!"
"The instructor did an excellent job of breaking things down into small parts.  The assignments brought everything together, and I now feel more confident in moving to the next step in my Python training."
The course was very good I am reviewing this after I have completed my course and I found this Excellent and I am looking forward to take next course that is of data structure and Dr Chuck is so awesome.
"Thanks to DR. Chuck as instructor for this course , he started the course in an interesting way , also keep that interest throughout the whole course assignment are also very helpful to clear the concept "
One of the best courses on the internet which will teach you the basics of Python language. The way the instructor teaches is outstanding. The basics taught will help in other programming languages also.
"Thanks to this course I got a knowladge about the Python language, which could be complicated, but it wasn't. Explained step by step, by Dr. Chuck. Nothing is missing, on this course. Highly recommended."
A perfectly designed course for someone willing to learn to python with no prior programming experience or expertise. Would love to have the solutions of the assignments after having completed the course
"An amazing experience with Cousera. Being first time for me in here, I am v happy with the way Mr.Charles is taking over the concepts  and I am in need of some more courses in python and i will enroll it"
"Starting with no background in programming by taking this course i think programming is do able, i feel much more confident and ready to take it to the next level.Highly recommended if you are  beginner."
"Everything great but the autograder for the homeworks, it is really hard to debug your program there. It took me 1 month to complete a homework which ran smoothly on the real python programming language."
"This course helped me understand Computer Science theory better. The pace is perfect for non-expert programmers. Charles Severance does not try to cram everything about a subject in one lesson or course. 

"
"As i am a beginner of programming , I am very much impressed by the way of teaching skills of professor Charles and now I'm pretty much sure that I can handle python with some days of practice on my own"
"
A great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand. Had zero programming experience before and this class made it easy and fun to get into.

"
"Thank You, It was very interesting course. and Entertaining as well. Great Introduction to Python and Programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to  understand and fun to get into."
This course way too good to start with. i had no prior knowledge of python before i started but the instructor(Mr. Chuck) made it to easy to grasp things. anyone willing should surely go for this.THANKS
Charles Russell Severance sir was the most energetic and funny instructor I have ever met. One cant be absent minded of one can't even take his/her eyes off from the screen. I enjoyed my quarantine days   
Great Course and Teacher. Love the way he teaches programming. Very simple and easy to learn. Had lots of fun going through the course videos. I'll definately will continue with the next course. Cheers!
Overall the course is best in every criteria. Need to add some more chapters of the python for everybody pdf and because of that the week will automatically increase and the knowledge can be gained more
This online course is better than normal classes in my Clg Thank you Dr.Chuk it was an amazing journey with you. So please come to our college Shri vishnu engineering college for women Bhimavaram India.
"I just love this course as it covers all the basics of programming (I already have basic knowledge) that a beginner should learn. On top of it, it is based on the advanced Python language. It was great."
I don't think I have seen anyone explain programming logic better than Charles. I already had  some programming experience and wanted to learn Python. This course is just perfect. Keep up the good work!
It was such a wonderful experience and the classes by Dr Charles are so interesting and effective that you fell like keep going. His explanation are amazing. looking forward to continue classes with him
"Very easy and intuitive course to get started with Python without lots of prior experience. But do need a little bit basic understanding of how computer works, and how data is presented in the computer. "
"This is an excellent course for someone who has a coding background as well as who know nothing about coding.The topics are well explained and assignments are there too, to implement what we've learned."
I was a bit nervous having not done any programming for more than two decades. This course was fantastic for reintroducing me to programming in general and a great introduction to programming in Python!
"This course is very useful for beginner.I was also new to learn python, by this course i have learn many things in easy way. Thanks to Cousera Team and Dear sir for this interactive and useful tutorial. "
An easy but essential course to take if you want to be skilled in Python for (1) you who unfamiliar with programming logic and flowcharts (2) you who have a programming skill before but never use Python
The course is really good if you want to get started with coding in Python. I was a total rookie and found Dr. Chuck very helpful and clear in his lectures.I definitely want to continue the next course.
I found this class to be very informative! Charles Severance (I hope it's okay there is no prefix) was great at presenting and made the new information palatable. Looking forward to moving on in Python!
It is really very good course for beginners. You can learn basics of python and explanation provided is very good and simple. This course is just like its name says programming for everybody. Thank you.
I recommend a lot this course because the professor that gives this course Dr. Charles Severance is very clear and has a great train of thoughts that provided me with a full understand about this course
This is the best course for someone who don't know anything about any of the programming language and want to study python.This course deals all of the basics of python and Dr.chuck is an awesome tutor.
"Really good course to learn the basics, i'm going to continue with the other 4 courses.I didn't know anything about coding and still  I've been able to understand all very clearly.I've had too much fun!"
"with this course if I could understand and pass the course then course literally justifies the name ""python for everybody"".. thanks professor Charles for wonderful videos, looking forward for 2nd course"
This is a wonderful course to start with python. It not only deals with python code and syntax but general programming constructs in details and in a well explained manner by a very experienced faculty.
"A very good course. If you know nothing not just python, but also any programming language you guys can opt this course. It will clear all the concepts and make you think like a professional programmer. "
It was very useful course for me as beginner programmer. The humor of teacher and comfortable way of education accept to study quickly and interesting. The checking of tasks is automatically..Thank you!
"I think this was a top notch course, learned a lot. A suggestions that I have for this course would be, promote the course book a little better. A simple link to the book on every chapter would be nice."
A great course for people have no prior experience in any language or even in field of computers.Once you go through these basics the way the course is structured you can learn any programming language.
"Excellent Instructor: Witty, humorous in a way that reinforces the material, and keenly aware and in touch with the emotions and frustrations we students feel when first learning a programming language.  "
Great course for the beginner. After completing one gets all the fundamentals he or she need for further learning and even can program some stuff. Special thank to Dr. Chuck for being funny and his huge 
I don't have enough positive things to say about this course and about Dr. Chuck in specific. I would absolutely recommended it to anyone who was interested in dipping their toe into Python. TRY IT OUT!
Absolutely wonderful course. It was even more comprehensive than the actual Introduction to Python lectures that I took last semester. I highly recommend this course for anyone starting out with Python!
"This is a great course. I love the step by step teaching method and detailed explanation. Despite the step by step method, the lecturer never fails to bores us because he always gets right to the point."
"The course is subtle and beginner-friendly. The more I dive into python, the more I like it. Credits to the professors and the team that is responsible for designing the course. I am thankful to them!!"
"Thank you for this beginner's course in python. It was taught in a way, wherein one's previous programming knowledge did not matter. A very good course for beginners. Concepts were explained very well."
this is a great course...the instructors videos are amazing and the course proceeds in a very easy to follow manner...this is helpful for even people with no prior programming experience...Thanks a lot
Excellent course to get started in a programming language like Python. The teacher explains the conceptsvery well and the rhythm of the course makes you feel that you are advancing at an adequate pace.
Every concept was taught and explained in a phenomenal way. One just can't forget the concepts and easy to internalize. I strongly recommend this course to beginners and even experienced professionals.  
The Best Online Course I have ever taken!! The Professor is just amazing and makes you comfortable with the fears you might have regarding coding! Its one of those courses you'll never regret taking :)  
This is a wonderful course for those who are trying to start learning to program. Though I was not a beginner the whole concept was very clear to me now. That's awesome. I highly recommend this course. 
"Basically i used to hate programming, because i didn't get a abcd of that. But now there's some kind of confidence in me indicating that even i can learn programming. Thank You,Dr.Chuck for the course."
Doing this course is really fun. very well designed and explain by instructor. Thanks a lot Charles Russell Severance for explain python is such a simple way. and sure to see you in next part of course
Amazing courseI've learnt from this course a lot and it is very very very much helpful for my futureThanks University of Michigan for making this course very successful.I'm flattered to study with UOM.
I find this awesome for the beginners who are willing to start python as their first programming language.Course contents are to the point and I was able to understand the contents for very first time. 
Thank you Mr. Charles Russell Severance. I learned comfortably throughout the course and was able to write some cool programs with this first course. I can't wait to get started with the other courses.
"Dr. Severance is an exceptional teacher with masterful teaching skills. He is humorous, engaging and so obviously educated in his craft. So excited to continue under his guidance in this specialization"
A great course for those who are planning to learn python from the scratch. Clear concepts and simple exercises at the end of each chapter that will boost your confidence in learning python. Cheers! :)
It was a great experience. i have learn a lot from Professor. I will be please if i ever get a chance to meet him and learn something more from his personality. God bless you & Thank you so very much..
This is my first experience with coursera and I would say excellent!I would recommend this to people wish to learn fundamentals in programming and  basics in Python.And a special thanks to Dr. Chuck :)
"I enjoyed this course and am looking forward to the next one. I have found the coursera web interface and conventions a little challenging, but the course materials and process has been very rewarding."
"Very easy to understand, Dr.Chuck will repeat the important concepts patiently and carefully. I recommend this class to person who don't know program. This class is friendly to the beginner of program! "
"Basic ideas about programming are well illustrated in this course. It's perfectly good for new beginners, but it's a little slow for the students who have other programming skills such as C, Java, etc."
"I really love this ""Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)"" course because it's not only taught knowledges about Python to me, but also sense of computing thinking style! Thanks a lot!"
"Great course! I only audited it, but gained so much information. The instructor is fantastic, he clearly explains Python in an easy-to-understand way. I look forward to the other courses he's produced. "
"Great course for beginners. If you have programming experience, but feel rusty, or don't know Python, it's a great way to refresh your programming skills and learn Python syntax. Great instructor, too."
Prof. Severence is amazing. He presented the material clearly and concisely. The videos were engaging and informational. I would recommend this to anyone interested in learning a bit more about coding.
it was very exciting to learn from Dr. Charles Severance. Then coruse was excellent with the perfect materials and supporting assignments and quiz. Thank you for making learning a wonderful experience.
This was an awesome course and it helped me learn a lot about python.I would highly recommend this to a beginner. This course has quizzes and graded assignments with help you see if you are doing good.
Helpful CourseI love this course and thank Dr. Severance giving us beginners this useful course. I can follow the steps and make sense to me who have no programming background at all. Highly recommend.
Excellent if you have zero starting knowledge of Python. Even a basic understanding will make some of the videos feel like they're too long. Excellent instructor makes course worth taking despite this.
It was very basic and professor used made it very easy and interesting. As a person who doesn't have any prior knowledge of programming i feel confident in python now and i want to learn more about it.
Prof. Charles is amazing. His lectures are very informative and clear. I appreciate this as a good platform to develop my Python skills. I do believe this may be my most favorite online course to date. 
"Very beautifully taught. I gained basic python programming knowledge quite easily. The lecturer is fun and encourages students to want to learn more. In general, it was an awesome learning experience."
  Very good introduction to basic programming. Very easy for beginners in python who have already some programming background - but still extremely useful to quickly and efficiently learn python basics.  
  Extremely basic but Dr. Chuck is so interesting that you never get bored. You can pass the course in a few days with minimum or even no programming knowledge. It's a good starting point for beginners.  
  Very good introduction to basic programming. Very easy for beginners in python who have already some programming background - but still extremely useful to quickly and efficiently learn python basics.  
"I really liked the course. I just wish it was more practice heavy and the lectures were broken up more and there were quizzes during the lectures to keep you engaged more and make it more interactive.

"
Great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand. Had zero programming experience before and this class made it easy and fun to get into.
It's really an awesome course from which I had learnt how to program in Python.I even don't know the basics of Python after attending this course I am able to program myself.Thanks for your guidelines
good morning sir .I'm learned the programming for everybody getting started with python  the classes are very interesting and assignments are challenging please give the permission for the next course
Great course! I always thought of programming as a too-difficult-and-complex thing for me; now I want to learn more. Thank you Dr Charles Severance for explaining everything in such an affordable way.
"Really Happy doing this course, This is what a beginner needs, I have got confidence to learn Python in depth this is the beauty of this course , helps understand easily. A quality course. Thank You😊"
"Really enjoy the professor's style, variety of content included, side jokes like the sorting hat and more.  Makes for an easy to learn course, that makes me want to come back and do the next lecture!!"
"I strongly recommend those who are learning this course read the book written by the professor, it really helps a lot, only watch the video is not enough.I'm eager to learn more about programming now!"
"The editor needs to be improved, the overall course is very well done, but i really struggled getting the editor to work in terms of indentation.Would definitely recommend this course to fellow peers.  "
"I think this course might be a little bit of easy to students who had programming experience before,but  Doctor Severance is awesome in teaching, and it is a good choice to built foundation in python."
"Really good course, it gies you great skills for starting to program in many languages. In my case, it also helped me to refresh previous skills and also leearn new concepts. Greetings from Venezuela."
Dr. Chuck is such a great teacher. I am tearing up at how simple he made things and how much I struggled to grasp these concepts a couple of years back. I'd recommend it in a heartbeat for beginners.
"The best course for newbies about Python that I've found in the Internet so far. It doesn't only show functions, but also in a very understandable explains the logic of the program, how Python works."
Dr. Chuck thank you so much for designing this course. This course has made me confident of my ability to continue learning python further. The course structure is very simple and easy to understand. 
"thank you very much sir, it was a great tutorials. every chapters have objective assignments and program it was amazing. please upload some more languages web development and android app development."
"For people who start programming, this course will be good for starting. From very basic what is programming to basic variable, condition, function and looping. This very good for starting your code."
"i really liked the course very much, especially sir who is teaching us in a very simple manner, The best teacher I have ever  seen who now the tacts for explaining the language in a very  nice manner "
I see a excellent way of teaching  subjects in this course..easy and mindfully communication with the sir helps to learn the course very easy and made me love to complete the course with perfection..
Professor Severance goes through the course at a good pace. It was difficult enough to make you think but not so much that I felt overwhelmed. He's easy to listen to and really is a talented teacher.
"It was a very nice start of my Python learning, a good grasp on the VERY basic concepts. Thanks to Professor Snape ! He has been an amazing teacher to steer you through this path of learning at home."
Great Experience with Dr Charles on my FIRST EVER ONLINE COURSE. I'm really happy have grabbed the opportunity. My experience has broadened my knowledge in PYTHON programming...can't wait for PART 2.
This was a great introduction course to coding in python. It progressed slowly and was easy to understand. I loved it and I will be enrolling in the next level as soon as I can!Thank you Mr Severance
Extremely basic but Dr. Chuck is so interesting that you never get bored. You can pass the course in a few days with minimum or even no programming knowledge. It's a good starting point for beginners
"I  loved the course and the most beautiful thing about this course is the instructor, his way of teaching and hilarious sounds.  I just wish I could have got a teacher like him in my undergrad years."
"This is a very organized and intuitive online course. Despite the short length of the course, it is much better organized and presented than many online Masters of recognized universities. Thank you."
Excellent Course. I have computer science background but still as the name suggest its for Everybody and Dr. Chuck is good mentor. Looking forward to other courses of py4e as well. Thank You Coursera 
"The course was very well organised. Helped a lot because of the simple level of explanation. The exercises and quiz were easy, fun and informative and at the same time challenging as well. Thank you."
Very informative and well explained. Also during taking the course I never felt bored. Recommended to all take this course in the beginning so that programming doesn't become nightmare of your life:)
This is an outstanding class to start introduction to programming.  I am getting back to programming after almost 25 years and Prof. Severance made it so much fun and easy to learn without getting in
I have done a couple Beginner Python classes before. This one stands out. The professor made the subject seem simple and also made me think about how/where to put this knowledge to use. Great course!
IF U INCLUDE PROJECTS FOR PYTHON IT WILL BE VERY GOOD.MY RECOMMENDATION IS ONCE BUY ANY COURSE IN UDACITY. THEY WILL HAVE MANY PROJECTS FOR US PLZ INCLUDE THOSE TYPE OF PROJECTS. THANK YOU VERY MUCH.  
Python was my first language to learn and i'm happy that i chose this specialization course. It was thought simple and straight forward and the assignments helped me a lot to learn the course better. 
"The course is great for beginners in Python as well as programming, both. if you do quiz and Assignment, by your self. You will defiantly get benefited for Whole specialisation as well as your career  "
"Great course, well structured and organized.The teacher is very talented, you can see he has an excellent background and at the same time he's able to explain things in a very clear end efficient way "
"I loved it! I think it's amazing for anyone, but specially for those that have never programmed before. Also, I loved the way classes were presented! Thank you for getting me hyped about programming!"
That was a great course. I thank Coursera for approving my financial aid. I might not express my feelings because of my bad english but I am truly thankful to Coursera and the University of Michigan.
"This course is very well structured, it will teach you have to think like a computer and thus being able to give the computer instructions much more dynamically vs just teaching you to memorize code."
Was a great experience for something looking to slowly wade into the world of programming. I'm excited to continue onward as I continue to potentially learn more and see if data management is for me.
I loved this course and learned so much!  It's been a long time since I used it and wanted to take the course again but Coursera doesn't let me retake this course once completed! It's a great course!
"Basic python, but very well explained and organized! The professor's making the course very interesting, not boring at all! Recommend for anyone who are new to Python or new to programming languages!"
This is really an amazing course and the thing that makes it more amazing is the course instructor. He is a very good teacher. He know how to teach students at THEIR level. Loving this course so far.
This course was really helpful for my. I really started to programing at the biginning of this course. And now I consider that a I can programing basics loops. I will continue with the next courses. 
Great course and wonderful lecturer. This course has given me a lot of confidence and taught me how to concentrate. I really can start from here. I am satisfied. Looking forward to go further.Thanks
This course is really too Good and the instructor is also really teaching very well. I hope everyone can get the Proper Basics about Python. Hope they will get something from this Course. THANK YOU.
it was a great course offered by the great teacher of the Python language. after taking this course i am now all ready with all my basics to move ahead with the learning of python. thankyou so much!
The Best course for python language beginners. I learned a lot in this lectures and the professor teachings are awesome even  beginner will learn the concepts very quickly and easily. Thanks Charles
"I'm glad to say that i have completed my python course through coursera .It was an amazing experience of learning in online classes .Dr.Chuck was an amazing tutor,his teaching was superb...THANK YOU"
"It could be great if the py4e has debugging system. Sometimes the output is exactly the same with the desired output but when ran in different input, my code doesn't show the correct logical answer."
"I like this course because this course taken from very beginning of python if anyone who cannot do any programming or don't know about computer language like c,c++,java still can complete the course"
This was a great experience to complete this course and learning a new programming language made for beginners. I want to give special thanks to Dr. Charles Russell for teaching in such a great way. 
"It was a great session. Lectures were delivered very well and the faculty explained everything. I am thankful to the respected university, the faculty and Coursera.org for such a golden opportunity,"
The course is fantastic and could really cope up with the pace and the instructor was really good at explaining the concepts and teaching from a b c of coding . The course made me say CODING IS FUN!
"El profesor es muy bueno y es una excelente forma de entrar al mundo de la programacion, pero esta totalmente en ingles asi que necesitas al menos un nivel intermedio para desarrollarlo sin problema "
It's a great course to learn the basics of python. From how it was created and how it works. The Instructor is also very friendly and he teaches Python with very good techniques and with excitement.  
"
Helped me jump-start the learning session for this month, if you've never
 coded before, or tried to but gave up midway due to reasons, this one 
might change your mind and help you in the same way!
        

"
  first time i had done this course online and this was a wonderful experienceI learned all the stuff and the explanation provided was very  good.i would like to do more courses from herethank you sir
Its is very good course and also the teacher was to good. After completing this course I like Python as before I don't like it very much and I also enroll for second course in  these specialization.
"This was my first online class. Before that, I was thinking that We are not able to study online as compared to live. but now I think about complete the other courses which are provided by Coursera."
"Dr. Charles is an amazing  teacher, He cleared all my confusions.Though i have taken some other python courses in past but this is best. Thank you Dr. Charles and Coursera for this amazing course :) "
This is my first course on Coursera and the experience was great. I am able to program in python now. Great teaching by Sir Charles. Thankyou Sir for teaching us programming in such a simple manner. 
Enjoyed the course and found it easy to follow. Before this course I tried a free course through another program. They assumed too much about python was already known and it was difficult to follow.
"  Loved the course design, instruction and assignments! Thank you very much Professor Charles Russell Severance!I recommend this course to anyone who would like to get started with Python programming.  "
This Course Is Really Awesome For The Beginning Of Python Programming Language And The Instructor Is Also Really Good.He Taught Each And Every Concepts Clearly And Precisely.Thank You A Lot Coursera
Easy to understand the basis of python ...would really prefer for all engineering students to pursue this course before joining college for a better and clear picture of programming in your classes.
"I really liked the structure of this course because it takes you through every step on a good pace, without rushing into things, making it easier to understand concepts that are not familiar to you."
"This course is really very nice for anyone who is starting computer programming, as teacher also made videos on the computer working and that benefited me a lot. Thanks a Lot for making this course. "
This is a great course it helped me a lot to build my python programming skills.I will highly recommend this course to my colleagues and friends so that they can also take benefit from this course .
great course. I had little to no experience with python. This course helped me to understand the fundamentals of programming. Charles Severance is a great teacher. It is fun to listen to his videos. 
It is the best course for learning basics of python or learning programming for the first time. And the real life success stories made me not to feel bore and kept my enthusiasm. Thank you coursera.
"I had already discovered much of this teaching myself as it came up, but this course provided me with a greater understanding of some core concepts which i have already put to good use.Very pleased."
"Easy and useful not only for Python, but for all programming languages in general. In this course there are only basics and you need to study further in order to be able to use Python serious tasks."
"Excellent course for beginners! The lecturer does a very good job at explaining every aspect of Python, which makes learning programming much easier that I thought it would be. Strongly recommended!"
"The lectures where helpful, and explained very well.Each and every topic covered was very clear for me. and the style of teaching is very good.Thank you Mr. Charles and also thank you coursera..!!!!"
"Great course for beginners who are keen on learning programming. The professor is very knowledgeable and funny. I found the lessons explained in simple ways, which help me learn the language faster."
"the course is very interesting and easy to understand. Especially, I would like to give a big thank to Dr.Chuck for his teaching method which makes all those programming language stuffs much easier."
"I felt this course was perfect for a beginner,such as myself. I felt challenged by the assignments, yet not overwhelmed. If you have no prior knowledge of programming, I think this class is perfect. "
Such an impressive professor. I love his way of teaching. Full of sense of humor. Class is full of fun. I can't wait to finish all the requirement of this course and to get enrolled in the next one!
"Prof. Charls use a number of easy-understanding samples to get student involved in computing logic. I like his humor, his dedication and his special manner of being interactive with remote students."
Thank you Pro. I'm getting more and more interested in Computer Science and Python. This is a whole new world to me and I feel excited when completing this course. I hope you can teach us continuing
This course makes sure that every student get the concept clear from the basics. The professor makes sure that it is easily conveyed to students and he is highly appreciated for the same.Thank you.
It was really a wonderful course. The tutorials were really amazing and it makes a good sense. I could rebuild my base in python programming and now has confidence to do a simple program by my own.
Huge fan Of our instructor he made the subject interesting from day one with the bonus content and his dedication to make programming easy to everybody is great had a great time doing the course!!!
"The instructor, Mr. Severance has done an excellent job in explaining the basics of python and it is mostly video based rather than too much of textual matter, which makes it even more interesting."
"This course is pretty awesome for someone who is new to python & want to learn some basic syntax & semantics of it. It's not the full course, with advanced topics, but is enough to get you started."
"If you want to start the python programming and have no prior knowledge about it , this is my first recommendation just go for it. this is one of the best course for this topic available out their."
"This was an excellent course. Always informative, sometimes testing, but with a bit of hard work (and computational thinking) it is a great introduction to Python. Plus Prof Severance is excellent."
"  I just don't think anyone can teach this any better..! I am so grateful to Professor Charles Severance  and Couresa,  and if anyone is looking to pursue from step one, definitely this one's for you  "
"Not only did this course give me a basic understanding of python and programming, but it also inspired me to continue learning more about programming and computer science in general. Thanks, Chuck!"
Excellent sir... Only suggestion is the assignments especially the last one is bit complicated... If possible just brief us out about such programs...but at the end it was Really good online course 
This course is beginner-friendly and what stands out is that instead of choosing conventional examples the instructor has done a good job in selecting good examples that structure this course well.
Dr. Charles Severance is an amazing teacher. He makes it very easy for a student to get basic knowledge of programming with python. The contents of the course are very accurate and up to the point.
"This course is helpful for beginners for learning python. It teaches us the syntax, how to use float, else if and conditional statement. The interesting part was the quiz, it was not at all boring."
I thought the instructor did a very good job of walking you through the basics of python and didn't rush too quickly into anything too complicated. A great way to get some base knowledge in python.
"It is a very good course for beginners who are interested in coding and look up to it as a career option.It is the right course to build the foundation for coding and yes, the instructor is awesome "
I loved this course. Prof Severance's teaching method is awesome and I feel like he's a friend helping me out with this. I'll keep going with my new learning and build on these skills. So excited!!
I am really happy by choosing this course because this course have and very impressive technique for teaching at every stage we get an test and assignment and which sharpen are skills more and more 
"Thank you so much Dr Chuck to teach us such an amazing course with much valuable information. Although I did not do very well, I love this course so much!! Thank you a ton! I've finished it, yayyy!"
I am very happy to getting this course. It is very educational for me. I would like to continue with the next course. Thank you Mr. Charles Russell Severance for making the programming easy for me.
"Great course.  I am a C# developer looking to also learn Python, so I watched all the videos on 2X speed and flew through it in a few hours.  It was a good way to get the foundation of Python fast.  "
Another great course by Dr. Chuck!  I never thought I would learn the basics of programming so quickly.  The assignments are so fun that I forget I'm being graded.  Looking forward to the next one!
This Course is best for people with no prior coding experience It establishes a connection of coding to everyone and teaches basic python and enhances your computer programming knowledge and skills
This course was really helpful for me who is coming from a non-computer science background but wants to start from scratch. Thanks to the instructor who has tried to teach all concepts very simply.
Thanks Charles for explaining the concepts is such an easy language. This is really good course for anyone who has never even learned any programming language. Looking forward to more such courses.
"  Good course for absolute beginners. Gives a complete overview of Python programming and also makes it seems very easy and interesting, which in turn makes you confident to proceed to learn further.  "
I have learned a lot from Dr.Chuck and got lots of online help from his team on the Forum. A great course for beginners like me! Would definitely recommend this course to my friends and colleagues.
"Nice program, i learn the basic programming with python language. The content delivery was so clean, and easy to understand. The quiz was really helping me to measure my understanding of the course"
The professor is amazing in explaining the material. The assignments in the course really help to train the material you have learnt. I found this course very helpful for myself in learning Python!
I like the course design and the exercises are very helpful to review the key concepts in the videos. I think the course wants to teach us how to think like a computer scientist by learning python.
This is a great intro to programming. Charles is really easy to understand and makes sure beginners do not get discouraged. If you already know some basics you can speed through the videos quickly.
"I do learn a lot about python from this course.Even though I'm a super beginner as to python, but this course gave me kind explanation and inspiration.I do wanna recommend this course for everyone!"
The pace and structure are perfect for the beginner programmer. The courses build in difficulty in a logical progression to help the learner gain a solid infrastructure for more challenging topics.
Dr. Severance is the programming professor I should have had back in '87 when I was crunching thermodynamics with Fortran 77.  Boy I was lost back then!  He does great and it all works well online.
The course is very much helpful in understanding the basics of Python. Any one interested in programming can clear the course with good grades.Looking forward for the next course on Python.Cheers !
Quite accessible for anyone who has never done any programming. It is very engaging! There could be harder exercises to practice but in general the course is well structured and exercises are good!
It's an exceptional course on Coursera. Course is a bend of theory and wisdom lectures from Python founder and inventors in computer sciences. It's always pleasure to listen to Professor Severance. 
Great overview - went over things many times but patiently and slowly. I have taken a few intro to programming classes and this was one of the easier to follow and understand ones I've experienced. 
"This course is very basic and is for the learners who are very new to programming. If you already know the programming in other language, only keywords are different and may not be as you expected."
Best  professor and amazing course. Need  to make people work more. Assignments are interesting. Include more than 2 assignments as people taking online courses don't get time to work on their own.
"Excellent ! I am a total beginner and this course made me to go for more... I have learned the very basics I know but at the ends the course got me motivated and eager to learn more, so it works !!"
This class was great!! Easy to follow and the exercises are truly for beginners!!! Thank you very much Dr. Severance for putting together this class! I'm looking forward to take the rest of them!!!   
  The course is excellent! The content is very clear and the professor even makes it fun to learn! I would recommend it to anyone interested in programming with no previous knowledge in the subject.  
Great course. Very informative and easy to follow . For anyone looking to finish this in a shorter time frame: I completed the first seven weeks of material in six days and never felt overwhelmed.
it was fun learning python from this course. the best part about this course is the explanation of each and every concept very clearly and this course goes slow that's a good thing for a beginner. 
Very useful course. Instructor Prof. Charles Russell Severance has put best efforts to explain in most easiest way. Also his teaching style brings more interest in subject. Big Thanks to Coursera.
i have learnt lots of things DR.CHUCK is such a cool and inspirational teacher each and every class was very interesting thank you so much sir for making these quarantine days into some useful way
Good amount of detail and analogies for new learners. Was able to get through quickly as a more experienced user of Python to ensure I was up to speed with everything taught for the later courses.
Believ it or not- but this was my best experience with Python! You can feel the experience through your screen and it will impact you- ready or not.See in in next course Dr. Chuck. Over and Out...
nice. at first it was slow and had to fast forward or skip video. in the end it caught up pace and i had to rewind videos. Program while watching videos as per instructions and you will save time.
"Excellent course!  I was an absolute Python beginner before taking this course and I learned some of the basics.  The lecturer (Charles Severence) is a very engaging, clear and thoughtful teacher!"
Thank you for such nice course available to us.This course really help to understand basic of python.Those who want to learn basic of python this is right course to start learning python language. 
The course is very useful in understanding the basics of python and how it functions. The way fundamentals has been explained justifies the name of the course. Looking forward to the next courses.
very good course cleared my basics of python but if u already know any programming language then it will be very easy for u to complete this course like me. overall excellent course for beginners.
  Amazing course and amazing professor. Every concept explained in detail. Try to finish all the graded assignments and worked examples as they really help in getting a better grasp at the concepts.  
This course offers pretty much what a beginner wants to know about python. The instructor of the course explains the concepts of python very well so that the learner gets the basics of the course.
Very practical and realistic learning experience ....i request everyone to try coursera for better learning the best place to learn more from the scholars with additional concepts in a easiest way
"I love the professor. He is showing us that everyone can learn a bit of coding. He explain complex problem in a simple way. From a non programming background, I don't feel threatened by the class. "
It was really the best experience for me programming all exercises without help from others and just watching the videos. Hats off to Charles Severence and to the University of Michigan. Thank You
"This is really amazing course, this course cover all basics of python and the instructor of this course is a very interesting person, i have learned all the basic stuff of python from this course. "
"Ideal progression pace on the subject and loved the way the details were accentuated, not bogged by the love of the subject rather patient enough to understand the student and pace it accordingly."
"Most experts explain their topics with to much complexity for the novice learner. This course is not that. The professor has done a great job starting from the basics, making it engaging to learn. "
The course is very complete and the explications are simple and easy to understand as someone who has programmed in Python comparing the content to how my first semester learning the language was.
First of all thanks to the team coursera for accepting my financial aid application and allowed me to take that course. It was a great learning and i am looking for such awesome courses in future.
a great one for beginners at the same time if you are an experienced programmer in other languages you can speed through the course and feel confident that you learned python. very well explained.
"This course is so good for the beginner and the professor is so awesome! I feel like the course load is pretty light compared with normal college course. Therefore, enroll it and enjoy the Python."
I found this course very helpful in getting started with python. The course curriculum is quite interesting . The assignments and quizzes provided with course are helpful in clearing the concepts. 
DR. Chuck has immense level of knowledge about python and he has beautifully imparted that knowledge to me. Thank you Michigan University and Professor Sir. Looking forward for more python courses
It is a good course for those who are starting to program. I recommend do it even if you already know some programming language because you can review some topics and learn python in the begining. 
This course is designed perfectly for beginner of computer languages. Highly recommend to take this course before starting to learn python in any other programs in youtube.com or google materials. 
Perfect way to introduce yourself in Python world. Dr. Chuck is allways funny and you really enjoy watching the videos. The course structure goes slowly but sure that you're learning step by step.
"This course has been awesome and I want to thank to Coursera, the  University of Michigan and Charles Severance for all the knowledge shared that encourage me to keep learning Python and coding!!!"
"Really good explained for a beginner in programming. Begins easy, but you get more and more an in-depth explanation of programming. Awesome professor, explains it very well and keeps me motivated. "
"Really easy to understand the basics of Python with the help of an amazing instructor,Dr. Chuck ! Very informative and the best part for me is that you don't have be good in mathematics at all :P"
"Thank you for the course. I think it would be more useful to have more small exercise within one week. So students can not only listen to the theory but what is more important, can more practice. "
"Even if you know nothing about programming, this class will teach you the basics of the Python language. It should also stir up your interest in learning more about computer coding in the future."
very convenient to understand. the instructor was very cool and knowledgable.Instructor made this course very safe and easy for us to understand. I loved this course it was an amazing experience.
The very tremendous course for beginners in Python it covers from scratch. The instructor is very awesome with having the best convening power he used good examples for the sake of understanding.
"The course was very well taught and easily understood even for beginners in coding, the lectures and quizzes and assignments were very well explained. Overall it was very good learning the course"
"Enjoyed learning python with the superb tutor, the excellent organization of the content exhibits the involvement of the tutor to make everyone to
learn and become a master in python programming.  "
Beautifully presented by Dr. Chuck . Highly recommendable for Python beginners irrespective of their background. Literally this course is designed for everybody.Thank you very very much Dr. Chuck   
"The way Dr.Charles Russell Severance   teaching this course is exceptional. Along with basics of Python language , completing this course will give an idea about how to teach a programming course"
A great starting point for anyone looking to learn python and programming in general. Dr Chuck is a great instructor and has included extra tidbits into the industry for some additional knowledge
Great course for beginners! Dr.Chuck is a great teacher who makes the concepts very clear and the assignments and quizzes resolved my doubts very well. Thank you Dr.Chuck for this amazing course!
it's soooo good. The lecturer makes everything simple and clear. He applied visual aids to help me better understand the abstract concepts. The quiz and assignments allow me to do more practices.
Thank you for teaching programming in peculiar way so that we understood new thing in easy way. Thank you for the videos and the content which was useful through out our journey. Thank you a lot. 
if you are looking for a course to help you start learning python this is definitely the right one .It has a lot of examples and the instructor is really good and has a fun easy way of teaching . 
First of all I would like to thanks my Instructor.This course is very easy for everyone.Course content are design in simple way that every one can understand.I am fully satisfied with this course
PY4E is my first coursera which I finished completely. I have to say it's a perfect course for beginners to get familiar with the python programming. I think it makes me get interested in Python!
This course is one of the best course I have taken on Coursera. It's is an amazing course who is a beginner in Programming like me. I am very fortunate to find this course on Coursera. Thank You.
Great course my only complaint is not enough assignments to apply and practice. Hard to make up scenarios/situations to solve when I don't know what I can or can't do yet in terms of programming.
"well outlined, and the content is easy to follow for beginners. It would be best if there were an update and it do a version of python 3.Overall, it is a good course, from the ppts to the e-book."
"I feel like programming is a serious gap in my otherwise quite good education and Dr. Chuck set me on the way to correcting that in a very fun and professional manner. Thank you, I'll keep going."
"  It's an amazing course, even for beginner's who barely had any knowledge about programming. It includes exercises that teach you step-wise know how and a logical flow towards understanding python   "
"Very tidy and step by step course. Dr. Chuck has a great sense of humour, it wants you to keep wanting more. The bonus videos with all the great inventors of the languages is like cherry on cake."
"I had a little bit of knowledge about Python coding before taking these courses, but it was very insightful and helpful in my quest to learn more and helped instill the things I did already know."
"helpful and i enjoy a lot during class, conceptual course but explain everything in preview of python and also thanks for our teacher that has just made us more experienced on python fundamental"
"I had no experience with any kind of programming, but in this course everything was given step by step, so it was interesting, because it was not too easy, but not so hard that you want to quit."
Good for basic Python syntax and semantics. Too basic if you already are familiar with the semantics of another programming language. Then it's better to just look up the syntax and differences. 
overall taking this course was really a good decision. I really liked this course. prior I had no idea about Python but after taking this course I feel like I've started learning a lot about it.  
Easy to getting started and then more challenging as I put together all the building blocks of python that I learnt from the previous chapters. Overall very well laid out videos and assignments.
The instructor of python programming is very good .Quite nice way of teaching.This course is properly designed and developed for each student .I am looking forward for more such courses .Thank u 
This course is very good! I totally recommend taing this course even if you cant afford to pay for the specialization. Dr Chuck is an incredible teacher and you will really learn a lot with him!
The course is very well structured. The concepts are very well explained. The instructor does a great job at making everything seem very easy. Looking forward to the next courses in the series !
"Great course! Dr. Severance explains concepts with excellent clarity, while ensuing that the lectures do not become dry and factual. This is a great start for anybody who wishes to learn python."
"I am very Thankful to Dr. Chunk and coursera team Excellent Teaching and very good explanation but more examples required for practice , plz explain with some examples while teaching theory part"
Very informative and efficient way of teaching. All the basics are covered which every newbie programmer should know and it's easy to grasp. The quizzes will help you to solidify those concepts.
Instructor of this course is very good with python and his teaching skills and teaching methods are just incredible. i recommend this course to everyone who wants to start programming in python.
"Perfect for the people who are new to programming, every topic was explained in detail. A little bit slow for people already familiar with some programming language. Overall great python concept"
"This course is simply awesome. I come from commerce background and had no idea about coding at all. But, not even a single time I felt that I am not understanding it. The instructor is too good."
"Great, It was fun learning from such a great professional teacher. All difficult & hard topics were taught in a simplified way. Looking forward to complete all the courses in this specializatiom"
I learn the basics of python programming from this course. It is very easy to follow and the instructor isvery good in conveying the lectures and assignments are a good way to practices programs
Love this course! It's easy to follow and there a little jokes here and there that make it interesting. I have some experience with Python so it was a lot of review but it was still interesting!
"Excellent course, very well organized and explained. I had basic previous training in C++ in the Engineering grad but even for a student with no background I believe it would be easy to pick up."
This course is very nice and clear for the people who want to learn a new programing language and programing beginners! Thanks a lot! Hope many people can be familiar to Python with this course!
"First time i've finished an assignment!!!need to say is first time i've understand programming, the way Charles teaching it is fantastic and make sense!!! there's a reason why i'm willing to pay"
"I would definitely recommend this course to anyone with little or no background in programming. Everything about the assignments and the resources provided was clear, concise and easy to follow. "
"Excellent way to start understanding the core concepts and syntax of Python. Doesn't delve too deeply into anything advanced, and is a perfect way to see if you'd be interested in further study."
"This class was awesome, I have no idea programming and it was always a threatening issue to me. Dr Chuck is a great teacher who knows how to make the students feel confident starting programming "
Very good course for beginner. Prof teaches very elegantly and the concepts are brought about with clarity and easy to understand method. I simply love the course and professor's teaching style. 
I am a beginner in programming.. Never felt this curious and engaged in a course till date... Very well designed to keep a student motivated curious and interested.. I am enjoying this a lot :-)
"It's a very good lecture. Dr. Chuck not only teaches skills, but also minds. It is the difference between a computer and a human and a human being must know what a computer does not understand."
This course part 1 was quite subtle and nice for beginners  with an interesting tone and gestures to the content. Not gonna forget about the reference to outer world and pop-culture  stuff too.
Loved the course and really enjoyed the professor.  Harkened back to MY initial programming experience in the 80's with the punch cards myself.Taking the next one!  Can't get enough of Dr. Sev!
"Prof. Charles has a great knowledge of python, he knows his subject so well. though, from a commerce background,  I can proudly say I have started programming, thanks to this simplified course."
Just like the teaching methods of  Dr Chunk its very easy to understand his explanation. Thank You Coursera  for giving this wonderful opportunity to learn and make us love to keep on learning.
Really good course! The teacher is the best. I really learned a lot about the basics of Python. I hope I'll keep learning that much a long the rest of the speciealization. Thank you very much!!
It was a great experience. The instructor is an excellent teacher and was very gentle and helpful throughout the course. I really loved learning python and planning to continue working with it.
I think that it is the best course ever among i have enrolled yet. This is so knowledgeable and easy in understanding . I am strongly recommand this course who want to learn Python from basics.
"

wow.! It is the best course to immerse ourselves in programming with python, well-explained connections, the tool that is used throughout the course is great for doing online programming tests.  "
"this course is great! I would thank the instructor and the University of Michigan for this opportunity, and I recommend this course for those who want to learn python or programming in general."
Excellent course for anyone who wants to learn programming or coding in python. Dr. Chuck Severance is an amazing teacher and presenter and it really easy to follow his classes and assignments.
Good Course for anyone who want to start programming. The course is structured in a way that anyone with lowest level of computer background able to start learning programming. Thanks Professor
"I think this course is very good for the beginners, to understand the concept or not only concept, But what is actually the python language is . I will definitely suggest this course in future."
"The professor, as promised, is comprehensive and makes things easy for even those without any background in CS or programming. But he stretches a bit too much in his zeal to explain everything."
"I am very interested to learn python,  i got right platform and insturctor, who made me understand clearly with out flaws. Thank you sir for your patience in explaining the things with clarity."
Dr. Chuck is an amazing teacher. he made this course very much interesting with all the sounds he makes in between teaching. The course autograder is also very good.Thanks Coursera and Dr.chuck
"This course is really a learner-friendly one, after finish all the lectures, i do have a way more comprehensive understanding on python and on how we are going to implement python on our works."
"Excellent,interactive and fun course for programming beginners. This course is designed in such a way that you don't even find any difficulty in this. A recommended course for everyone by me :)"
Very good and easy-understanding  for raising interests in the programming area! I didn't realise it is so cool doing programming when  I was in university! Should have met this course earlier!
This course had awesome examples and was very good for teaching the basic syntax of Python. I'd highly recommend taking it for beginners and even people who already have programming experience.  
"This course will teach you the basics of python. Even if you have some good experience with other programming languages like me, this is still a great opportunity to dive into the python world."
"It is a great online course for those who want to start learning about python. I like the way the instructor taught, the practical exercises. I recommend everyone start programming with python."
I found this course very interesting. From a zero knowledge of Python I finally managed to complete the whole course in about 3 weeks. The teacher is an example of how a good teacher should be.
"This is the second or third python class I have taken and by far the best. I took it as a refresher, but I really appreciated the online textbook and the first section about intro to computing."
Great course for beginners to learn about Python. Prof Charles gave a very good introduction to the world of Python and delivered the course in a simple and easy way for students to understand.
"Dr Chuck was really inspiring, the teaching methodology and the approach towards students in very much appreciable. Very easy and quality study for beginners! Loved it. Will learn more of here."
This course is well planned out and well executed. Dr. Chuck is clearly very knowledgable in all aspects of the curriculum and does well in spacing out the material in an easy to follow manner.
Enjoyed the class especially since Dr. Severance is the best teacher I've had in a very long time.Too bad he was not teaching when I was in college I would have transferred to Univ of Michigan.
"I think this course is quite easy for beginners. The instructor explain everything clearly, and I can review them by finishing the assignment. I believe I can write some simple Python code now."
This is really an interesting course! Dr. Chuck could explain the deep concepts in a very easy understanding way. He is also a very nice person! I learned a lot from this course! Thank you all!
The teaching style was simple and to the point without adding unnecessary information so the points are crystal. I would recommend this to anyone who is learning there first or second language. 
A good introductory course. Lots of time spent explaining basic concepts with good examples. Be sure to get the book (free pdf available) and read the chapters to help you with the assignments.
This course is amazing! Python is fun and it change my perspective in programing language forever.  I will tell this to my friends. Don't scare coding. Thank you to make this course come true.
"Awesome course! Exceptional pacing, help those who felt like they weren't cut out for programming gain some footing in the subject. Dr. Severance is patient and kind, I learned a lot from him!"
  Very interesting and amazing class. The teaching style of Dr. Chuck was really different and good. It's a good platform for beginners in Python. Thank you for providing such a wonderful class.   
"An Awesome interaction with the course completely understood all the Concepts of programming I'm just getting started , Dr chuck is an amazing instructor Thank you Dr chuckThank you Coursera ."
"I couldn't have asked for a better course for starting with Python. It has the most engaging and dedicated Instructor, the pace is just right and the course material is structured effectively."
I am very thankful for dr. Chuck for giving this opportunity a new thing about python. This is amazing start with basic and it is great when every chapter is complete with assignment and quiz.
I like it so much. Teaching style is so good. You can learn Python easily and fast thanks to the this course. Charles is a very good teacher. I think he knows how Python can be teached easily. 
"Very good background appeal for programmers starting as well as with knowledge, one of the most renowned people teaching you, so feel blessed, all the parts are covered when you pay attention."
"Amazing course, Simple yet Interesting examples. The lecturer has won over my mind to the amazing world of Programming, If I have him as a lecturer in the future I know ill be learning proper."
"Great course for absolute beginners! The people who are already familiar with programming might find the first few lectures boring and slow, but as the course progresses the pace does as well. "
Very well explained course for beginners and the way you teach makes it really interesting for the students and I was very excited and motivated to learn the next part as the course progressed
In contrast to the lousy data science class I took this is excellent. Actually it is excellent period. I almost did not take another online class because the IBM data science class was so bad.
"Course felt just like a college class. Well structured with a balance between videos (not boring), modeling and assessments. Python is introduced from concept to reality in more ways than one."
"This course is pretty friendly and suitable to a novice like me. The professor is very humorous and his lecture is clear and articulate to a foreign student. anyway, it is  a great experience."
"Well done. I liked to dig deep in Python and understand the main principles. Well structured, easy and nice course with sufficient examples to check your knowledge and fill the gaps.Recommend! "
An excellent course to learn the basics of python: I really found it good and enjoyed the way Charles Sevarance taught the course. One of the best and my favorite instructor after this course.
It is a good tutorial for learning python from basics where it highlights all the basic needs in any program and python is not different. awesome tutorials with adequate quizes and assignments
"Dr. Chuck is great. He explains things in ways that are understandable to people who are not already familiar with the course material, which is a surprisingly rare trait for most instructors."
I started with 0% knowledge of Python and absolutely loved every minute taking this course. I will definitely continue with the specialization. Dr. Charles Severance is an OUTSTANDING teacher!  
To be honest I was surprised of how programming is teached in this course honsetly I strongly recommend it to anybody want to learn programming from zero background or with a medium experience 
Excelent course. I am a programmer teacher and I do not know Python. That is the reason to do this course. But beyond that I am excited because the examples and the way to teach are very good. 
"Easy to learn, lectures are funny, and Professor always tries to motivate you for greater accomplishments. As title says, this course is a starting point to an incredible world of programming. "
"A really nice course. It sets the path for further learning, teaches the concepts from the ground-up and combines them very well.  A very good option for begginers to get started with Python."
"The python for everybody class help me to figure out the python work logic ,and I can try to write simple code to calculate Max,Min,and sum.It is useful for me to learn more program language."
"The course is very useful and helpful for a beginner in programing .
Charles sir explained very well about the concept.
Since it is free, every student can try to join and complete the course"
"  Very practical and enjoyable course. Dr. Chuck made this course very friendly and I enjoyed every minute of it. Learned basics of Python, and I am looking forward to learn more in the future.  "
I prefer online compiler where you can give task and assignment at the same time which will be even more benefit but overall it easy to learn once the concept is understood.Thank You Coursera
"Excellent, in-detailed, if you're a beginner to Python or did you know java or C++ already. This course is for you. The instructor also seemed to be too good in teaching & explaining concepts "
"The best
course for python... I will suggest every person who wants to learn python
please go through this course. everything in this course explains from basic
and you will enjoy this course "
It was a great experience. The topics are designed and discussions are made in a way that it'll be easily understood by someone who doesn't have any background to programming. Worth the time!
the most fun I had while practicing quarantine is through this course!!! thanks to Dr. Chuck. he is an excellent tutor. I would love to meet him in person some day and tell him that in person
"Nice course, those who are looking for the python course must come here for this course that course is for them. Things are easy understandable here. Nice starting with python by this course."
I really loved this course because you could clearly see the passion for computer science and engineering in the eyes of the instructor and all the difficult terms were explained very nicely.
Dr. Chuck this the best ever course i ever had sir I would be glad to if I could meet you and work with you .I would be thankful to this course to have an instructor like you thanks a lot sir 
"AMAGINE, I HAVE BEEN ENJOYED ALL THE SESSIONS. THIS COURSE SHOWS GREAT IMPACT OF LEARNING IN EASY WAY. I REALLY APPRECIATE DR, CHUNK TO DELIVERED SUCH A LANGUAGE IN VERY EASY AND ELEGANT WAY. "
"Good course to start with! The instructor made it look easy. It is useful in learning to use proper functions, loops, if-statement with proper syntax. Overall a good course for the beginners."
Excellent course. Gave all the basic stuff along with some great Hands-on.When you want to start learning and cant understand where to start this is your solution.Go with this Happy Learning.
"I am very satisfied and grateful for the knowledge that I have acquired so far. I will hope to get your financial help to continue with the other courses of ""Python for Everybody"". Thank you!"
"This is for the very beginners, but Chuck makes an amazing job explaining all these concepts.If you are not new to programming, this class won't take 7 weeks to complete, probably one or two."
"I enjoyed this course on ""coursera"". I strongly recommend my friends to take their online courses here. Prof. Charles Severance did a great job to teach students online.Thank you so much sir."
"I am specially from IT background, though I had fear of programming and I had not able to program but this course really helps me to learn flow of programs, looping and fundamentals of Python"
I'm from Pakistan.Thank you for providing such a good material.Easy & understandable English lectures from great Dr + Prof.Hope you will also come here in Pakistan & I'm waiting for that day.
"I really enjoyed this course. I am completely new to Python and Dr. Severance took a nice pace, not too slow and not too fast, which allowed me to remain ""caught up"" and confident throughout. "
This is Surely an amazing way to start a programming career. The instructor is more friendly than a mate and you will never miss a classroom. The most fun way to learn Python on this planet .
  Amazing course and incredibly amazing instructor Dr.Chuck is very funny and make it super easy to understandrecommend this course so muchI am willing to take all the course taught by Dr.Chuck  
"So far I've enjoyed it. The lectures are well paced and cover some introductory topics at a relatively approachable depth. Comes with a ton of resources as well, which I found really helpful."
Assignments are very helpful in learning. You truly have to figure some things out on your own and really think things through. The teachers on the forum are also quick to answer and helpful.
"Charles Severance has explained the Python building blocks in a nice and fun way. If you are completely new to programming, its a really good place to get you quickly started with the basics."
Well explanation that I have ever come across especially in programming and thank you for coursera for giving this kind of opportunity for free. Thank you for everyone who made this possible.  
"Awesome experience. Dr. Chuck is a good teacher, gives real time examples, walked us through his world  tour. Perfect Videos , sessions.I would give 10/10 for Dr.Chuck , Sir you are the best."
"Perfect course to start learning python. I cannot recommend this class and its professor enough. It is simple to follow, and all the quizzes and exercises truly help you learn python quickly!"
This course has added a lot to my knowledge and i do recommend it to anyone who is new to programming and want to learn python! Special Thanks for Dr. Charles for his great way of explaining!
"It was a great course, easy to learn and full of interesting examples. Python is a very interesting Language to be learned and I hope to develop my skills on it and start making my own games! "
  This lesson is perfect for anyone interested in programming and Python. It is vivid and easy to understand. I hope there will be more courses like this for you to learn. Thank you very much.  
This is the great online learning course that I had ever learned. All lecture videos are very satisfied and  can understand easily. The teacher is also funny and patient in teaching courses.
the course was very informative & lead me to understand the basic concepts in python programming.thanks a lot the instructor for simplifying the coding language and making me to learn faster
I had learnt C++ in my high school very well. Learning Python was a decision inspired by my friends in college. This course provided the kind of guidance I was looking for quite a long time.  
  The instructor is awesome and the designing of course is fabulous and super easy to understand. I found this course great. I will suggest who want to learn Python Must must take this Course.  
"The course was very useful, being a newcomer for programming, I could able to write programs in Python after this course. Content and delivery of  content was good and informative. Thank you"
"i loved to learn programming from Charles, The user interface and the whole syllabus along with the quiz and assignment helped me in having a greater understanding of the python programming."
Before this course i didn't understand at all Python and how to program. But now after i took this course i'm really happy. Dr Chuck explains clearly everything and has really good material.
Its awesome.I personally feel i improved much better now.The instructor was soo cool and funny .He made the hole course to learn with joy . I enjoyed alot while learning and solving problems
Thank you Coursera and Dr Chuck.This being my first course taken in many years has been the most awesome experience in education ever!!Keep up the good work!! Kindest regards Finlay Malherbe
It is great being a part of this course.I really enjoyed each and every class.I did not even feel bored doing this course. Thanks for the wonderful experience I have gained from this course.
I really have learnt Python basics rules and how to apply them in a program and I know that it is just an starting. Finally happy today because of getting Certificate. Thank you coursera.org
"Clear and concise lessons that you will remember. Assignments that let you apply the lessons, and if you have questions or get bogged down, formidable help is available in the forum section."
"Great class for students who have no prior experience in programming. I'm an intermediate level programmer, and I took this course just to get a feel for python (the syntax, the basics etc)."
Great course and lecture quality. Worked examples are thorough and give a good entry level understanding to the language. Looking forward to what the rest of this specialisation has to offer
" The teacher in this course is best of the best excellent for beginners, very well described, great understanding grasped and its simple, very simple, as the title says python for Everybody ."
It is a very gentle introduction into python but it provides a useful starting point for someone who hasn't done any programming before. The presenter is good explains concepts very clearly. 
"In this course I got practical skills for using Python. Thanks to this course, I managed to write programs on Python. Thanks to the creators of the course!! I will continue to study further."
"While I have had some background in using Python, I never formally learned it so I'm starting from the beginning. This course is slow enough for beginners and a great start to learning more."
The instructor was very friendly and we can learn a lot in this course .We will learn a boundary knowledge about python i think on the further courses we will be learning a lot about python.
This class is really good for learners who have no background in Python or programming. The courses are well scheduled and illustrated. I will definitely recommend this course to my friends!
I would say this is a fabulous class! I would recommend everyone to take the course no matter you have coding experience or not. Really appreciate Prof. Charles gives us such a great course! 
Great start for people with no programming experience.  I have experience but never learned formally and so watched the videos accelerated and picked up some fundamentals that I was missing.  
"Thanks. I have learned basics of Python programming via this course. Unfortunately, to continue this course is not free. In my region to pay for online courses is not possible for this time."
"Highly recommend to all of you out there, who have no programming experience or even those of you who think you hate programming. Dr. Chuck can make everything fun and this course proves it!"
I enjoyed this python course. Prof. Severance teaches every topic very systematically with example. i like that and i learned lot of from that. now i am starting next course. thank you sir.. 
"Cool course if you have little or no experience in programming. If you already know other programming languages (I know R) is also a good starting point despite the ""slow pace"" of the course"
This is a very inspired starting point in learning programming skills in Python. I'm very glad I finished this course and I consider I learnt a lot. Thank you Coursera for facilitating this.
"Solid, entertaining intro to programming and Python.  Dr. Chuck does a good job of not overwhelming in the first course while giving enough info to get us started on the road to programming."
I worked in IT for 12 years including at a software company (not as a programmer) This is the only course I've ever come across that finally made programming approachable and understandable.  
This course made me realize that programming is not so hard and that I can handle it! Thank you very much for the opportunity to learn Python from scratch! Definitely taking the next course!  
"Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python) is a five star course. Like the name of the course, I could get started with programming with Python a little. Thank you, Prof. Charle"
"This course is no doubt very useful but I think you should teach more keywords and more practice although its an amazing course, instructor is very engaging and made course very interesting"
  It is a good course for beginners who have just started the python as a programming language .It gives a basic understanding about the python language. Thank you for making this course free  
"Easy to follow for a beginner. The assignments are quite helpful with moderate hardship; they allow you to practice writing a code, check the error and improve your code so that it can run."
"Best way to start programming. Incredible coach, well taught, and guided. It will not take you more than 4 days to complete, even if you are totally new to Python or programming in general."
"I want to surely suggest this course to all the beginners, who wanted to learn python but still struggling about from where to start. All concepts well explained, keep up the good work sir."
I am so interested in space and cse and coursera has helped me a lot as i am financially down and could'nt afford books but i am so happy that coursera has helped in getting base of python.
"Great course! Great instructor! He made sure the concepts are easily understood and explanation of each type and term helped a lot as much as his making of python sound like a ""person"" did."
"The last assignment is too tough ,due pop input bar was not closing .after putting ""done"".it takes input otherwise it was taking input continuosly input.please take care of it while solving"
It was really helpful for me. I have learned beginner things for Python after completing the course. Thank you everyone who worked so hard to prepare the resources for this wonderful course
It becomes easy to learn as the video gets parted into one by one for each functions.And side by side the assignments are very much interesting with their own creative skills and own ideas.
Best Python for beginner for any person who looking to start with programming. Assignment are quite challenging so you need to think properly. Solved it chunk by chunk and play by the book.
"Nunca tive experiência com programação mas mesmo assim foi muito fácil de acompanhar as aulas e cumprir os testes, além de que o limite de tempo não é nem um pouco apertado, recomendo muito"
It does cover all the basics and i am sure that this is a good course to recall your skills if you droped python for one year to have relations with java but realized that your X was better
"Sir, I want to say thanks for teaching me .Sir, you gave me a good memory. I Will never forget you. You r good teacher 👍 . I want to meet  once with you in my whole life. Good bye sir ...."
"This was a wonderful course ,especially for beginners.This program taught me to look at the computers and the programming in a very different way , which encouraged me to learn programming. "
For a complete beginner to Data science or Python.This Course is a fresh breath of air.He is slow which helps for begineers a lot and the Course is actually fun by his teachings and idelogy
"Great comfortable easy pace. I have done a few beginner online courses for Python, but this is the first one where I feel like I truly understand the basic concepts covered in the material."
"I really enjoyed this course and learned a lot. The course material, all the slides and that hardware stuff was really awesome. Professor Chuck is really good at explaining python concepts."
"This was my first course at Coursera. I made good decision to start this course and i am happy to continue my learning in the next python course by Dr. Chuck.All in all, I can recommend :-)"
Dr. Charles has been a great mentor in the entire journey of this course. I will recommend to my friends who are interested in learning python. And I wish to meet the instructor personally.
"It is very basic for a rookie who wants to enter the Python world. Plus, the content and teacher both are very friendly. So it is a nice choice for people to take the first class on Python."
I very like this course. It's cover basics but assignment went me to think and it was great experience to code a little programs by myself. I completely sure that I'll go to the next class.
Good intro to Python and programming in general. I have a few years of JavaScript experience and was able to complete this course in 2-3 hours. Very good detailed explanations with visuals.
"This course did a great job of presenting the basics on Python programming.  I am looking forward to continuing the specialization, and learning more useful ways in which to code in Python."
"Amazing course! The content in the textbook is very easy to comprehend, and the exercise in the textbook and over the internet is challengeable and cover the whole knowledge in the chapter."
Great class. Very good pace. Dr Charles Severance is a great lectures who keeps the audience engaged through complex topics. I am planning to continues the rest of the Python specialization
"The lectures were on-point, humorous and engaging.  The assignments were easy enough for a first course.  The responses on the Discussion Forums were quick.  I had a really good experience!"
The best course for the starters. A detailed explanation of the curriculum and the best explanation so far. The coolest part is the quizzes and the assignments with a deadline. I rate 5 /5.
This course is a great introduction to python. The instructor is awesome! He does not make learning programming in python intimidating for a 'newbie'. I've enjoyed learning python thus far. 
"Great way to get an introduction to the Python language. Well structured, helpful to incentivate self-study and in the video I feel the passion of the professor. I definitely suggest it !!! "
"It is a easy introduction to pythons. I think it is for the very beginner, who will not work as a programmer in the future. I attend this course because i want to use it in my study of law. "
This course is highly recommended for beginners who have none or little knowledge of programming languages. With the help of this course one can learn the basics of any programming language
"Had a really great learning experience, this course is a very good point to start for people who have no experience in programming, almost every concept is explained in detail from scratch.  "
"
Good course for beginners who has no experience in programming. An 
introduction to python and basic programming concepts. I think it is too
 easy for someone with a programming background.
        

"
"I had zero experience and I wanted to break into programming in the worst way. This course not only made me feel like it was possible, but it also made me excited to continue learning. !!!!"
"Brilliant! Simplified and very easy to understand.I sat through two semester of C++ lectures and learnt very little, but this short course taught me a lot of concepts and how to apply them."
"This was really a brilliant course ever, I have learnt many thing about python language, I will suggest to every students please join this course and get maximum benefit thankyou Coursera."
"It was amazing course to build your base for python programming. What I particularly like about this course was the programming assignments, they were really tricky but a lot fun to solve."
 I really appreciate the way our instructor sir has introduced us to these basic fundamentals of Python programming. His detailing was very good and easy to understand. See u in the future.
"I think that the professor is very funny and at the same time teachs us very kind, i understood everything and i will enroll the next course right now to become better and better on python"
"Charles Sir , I am very thankful to you for teaching us this course on python. I must say it was a great experience while learning. This course is very much well designed with assignments."
"I have an awesome experience & learning with Coursera, Dr.Chuck my course instructor he has been phenomenal throughout the course & so is the content offered by the University of Michigan."
"I didn't even feel  that i,m learning any machine language although  i,m knew about programming before taking this course but i,m damn sure that beginners will definately enjoy this course"
Coursera helped me a lot!! Very happy to have carried on python course in Coursera. My guide who taught me python was too good. Thanks a lot !! Would love to do a lot of courses further :) 
"I liked this course and also it helps me to do my own correction in some programs when error comes  it is because of this course vedios and readings and I improved my skills too,thank you."
had a great experience with this course. looking forward to complete more courses. Everything in this course is good and results in good practice of programming and understanding concepts.  
"The best course to get introduced to python , instructor have the skill to teach all type of students which is appreciatable, definitely recommended for those who want to start with python"
It is very interested and also who one dont know that much they can also take basic in very good mannerFrom my side one of Very Good Good Thanks to all lecturers and supporters sirs/madams
A great course. The professor has the positive energy needed for teaching. Somebody learning this for the first time under this teacher is going to have a long lasting attachment to Python 
This is an Excellent Course. Worth your time. This is the beginning part but it's very interesting. The instructor is excellent teacher. You will definitely enjoy the course and content!!! 
Really Informative. From a professional coder to a layman everyone can catch up with the sessions. I personally liked Dr. Charles for his sense of humor in the different tutorial sessions. 
"It is a excellent course foe those those who don't know even the 'P' of PROGRAMMING or don't know any of the language.
This course also dosen't need much of maths .Only the basics will do."
"Dr. Chuck is very friendly , also this course is really easy to understand .If there is a course and a teacher like this anyone can easily get certified .Thank You Coursera ..............."
Great course. Easy to follow and complete the tasks. The material is presented in a clear and intuitive format. I enjoyed the experience and am already enrolled for the full specialization
Really engaging and very well made course. For people with no to very little programming experience. Very structured and easy to follow. I did most of the course in a few days. Now onto #2
"This is a great introductory course.  Last assignment could of perhaps had a little more instructions, but it was solvable.  I would suggest having many more mini assignments for practice."
"I did self-study in python and I watched and read hundreds of videos and websites and articles, I never crossed to such an amazing course as yours. I never give 5 stars but YOU deserve it."
"This course is very basic. So for guys who are new into programming, this is the perfect course. For those who already have a certain amount of knowledge might not find this course useful. "
Dr. Chuck(Charles R. Severance) is one of the best English-language teachers that I've learned from. I really want to suggest him and his courses to anyboy who interested in IT. Thank you!
"Very easy to follow. Charles is a great instructor that able to guide new to programming student like me to success. I am more confident in IT field then it was before! Thank you, Charles."
A good introduction to the basics of Python3.  This is class 1 of 5 in the Python specialization I am looking into.  The assignments were straight-forward and aligned with what was taught.
This course is excellent starter who are very new to programming. The trainer makes it very interesting and explains each concept so that any one can become a programmer. Loved this course
"Wonderful material, easy to go along with but the assignments get progressively harder and tricker. Very much recommend for anyone learning to code or wanting to know the basics of python. "
I'd like to recommend this course for anyone who want to get the first step on Python learning.It's interesting and logically clear to help get familiar with this language in a short time.
A simple and easy to follow guide to Python. Very informative to a beginner such as myself. It's a lot easier to learn Python through this course rather than on the Python.org site itself.
Very intuitive and easy to understand course. the flow of the learning course coupled with the assignments makes this a must go to course for anyone who wants to learn python from scratch. 
"I love how this course contextualizes each programming concept, instead of presenting it in a vacuum as other programming MOOCs I've attempted have done. I'm very thankful for this course. "
its a great way to kick start you career ! and don't be sad if you didn't get the output at first item just motivate urself from error and you will  got the solution as soon as possible!! 
first of all I like to thank to coursera for providing me scholarship for this course. Every bit and byte of this this course is amazing and I have learnt a lot by completing this course.
This was amazing ...!! being a physical science student and a beginner  i have never tried reaching out to the computer science which is also so amazing (especially python ) ..Thank you .  
I should congratulate the course teacher whose interaction is best and enjoyable and made this course easy and understandable. This course would really help me to run through future jobs. 
"  Fantastic course for learning Python! Fast and straightforward. Effective teaching. Enjoying every minute of it, I am now creating for loops and understanding the nuances of the language.  "
It was my best experince learing online in such a platform at coursera during the lockdown.I to recommend other of my friends to study and learn new technology with their updated version.
Dr. Chuck is really a good person as well as a good teacher. He has made this Python course so easy & comfortable for beginners. Everyone should try this course who wants to learn Python.
"It was a very helpful and informative introduction to Python. The lectures were very clear and Dr. Severance has a deep understanding of Python, which made it easier for me to understand."
It's a very helpful course for people with no programming background. Everything was very well explained. I wish this professor was teaching my programming courses when I attended U of M.
"I loved this course. Now I understand the basic of Python and can read, understand and write python code. This course has increased my confidence and interest in learning Python language."
"A great course if you want to learn python whether you have prior knowledge in programming or not. The instructor is such a great man , he explains everything clearly and in a simple way."
"Its a good introductory course for python which quickly familiarizes you with the syntax and some of its nuances which do not exist in other programming languages like C/C++, Matlab, etc. "
Dr. Chuck is awesome. I wish I'd had him as my computer science instructor over twenty years ago when I was first introduced to programming. He makes learning a new language fun and easy.
"wonderful course you will learn programming in a really simple way by a great teacher Dr Chuck, i even knew all the topics but still enjoying it and learn so many more ,thank you Dr chuck"
The course is really amazing and simple. The lecturer and the TA are really helpful. I can recommend this course to any one even if the one does not have any background about programming.
"I like the teacher very much because he is so humorous and intelligent. But I think the course is too easy to learn a lot of useful things. After all, thanks for the great effort!!!!!!!!!"
This is a great Python class for all beginners who want to learn the basic skill of Python.  Dr Chuck makes it very easy for students to understand the concept of programming.  I love it!
"Course is really good for beginners, Instructor is really good and goes in -depth to clear out the concepts. The course might be too easy for those who already have programming background"
"Nice introduction course, very well structured and easy going. I would recommend it to anybody that would like to get started in programming, it will make you want learning more and more! "
Programming for everybody was very helpful and a good start for learning Python. Thanks for giving us feedback and the nice videos as well as the page environment. It was very motivating. 
Amazing concepts to learn for someone from non - coding background.Just loved the course. I am all excited to complete the Python specialisation from coursera and get ahead in our career.
This course was really amazing. The best thing is that it teaches right from the very basic which can help even a person not acquainted with programming to grasp the language very easily.
Excellent course for the ones with no experience or even understanding of programming languages.  Thanks to Dr. Chuck for his efforts.  His lectures are really fun and easy to go through.
"The course is really great and is surely  going to help me a lot.Thanks to Dr.Chuck,his way of teaching is quite interesting and very easy and comfortable to understand and grasp quiclky."
"I Would Recommend this course to someone who is new to programming,or someone with little programming experience.This course is the best way to learn Basics in Python! All the Best folks!"
"Charles is a great teacher, had never ever done coding ever before, but through this course a new interest has taken shape and I am sure this would be helpful for my professional progress"
I fun and interactive way of learning Python for beginners in programming.  Many thanks to Dr. Charles Severance and the Coursera team for putting together an easy to work through course.  
Good Course design for the beginners who does not know anything about programming and Python. Must Give it a try so that you can know and understand the basics ! overall i will give 9/10. 
"Great introductory course, much better than other courses on python i have taken in the past. The professor's teaching style is very engaging and the course as well. Highly recommend it!"
it is an amazing program which starts from zero in python and ends up making you write a 10-15 line program by using various functions of java and by implementing them made me very happy
Excellent course for any beginner! And if you are here to just learn Python syntax with some prior knowledge of coding in any other language then completing this course will be a breeze! 
This introductory class was great! Dr. Severance's lectures made the material fun and motivated me to keep working even when I got stuck. I look forward to taking the rest of the series!
I am very glad that i am learning this python course from coursera with free of cost.it is very useful to me for my career.it's a good platform for the freshers to learn pythonthank you!
"It is a most suitable course to start your career in python.I have to mention about the lessons of Prof.Charles Russell Severance,he is amazing.I felt very clear when  hear his lectures.  "
Very awesome course .Earlier I was not able to code in python and after I started my course with Dr. chuck it really helped me to gain my coding skills back on track .Thank you coursera.
This was an excellent course with a great instructor. The material was concise and interesting. I feel like I understood the material and the help from my fellow students was invaluable.
Good course for people who din't know anything about programming.Those who know a lot about programming but not python may take it but I recommend to take some advanced course than this.
I loved this class. It's a great introduction to Python. It was easy to understand all the information and put it into practice. I'm happy to look forward and start creating my programs.
It was the best course I ever had and the best instructor . I really didn't have a computer background but the course was so good that I actually learned without any problems . Thank you
"It was fun to type and learn the course in Python course.
Charles Russell Zverens to give him a good direction to Python, Thank you.
I also had fun in Python Lab and solve good problems."
thnx coursera for giving me an opportunity to learn here. i m happy to learn here and learned alot of skills  i have an ability after learning this course that i can make easily programs
"Although the topic is complex, mostly for those who has no previous experience in programming, the professor makes the class easy and fun. I really enjoyed taking this course. Thanks :-) "
Excellent course .This course is so helpful to any body looking to get basics of python.The  presentation style of instructor is another plus point.So i would recommend this course 100%.
"This course was exceptional, it really helps me a lot to know what exact python flow is and how python program can be written.And thanks for great teaching methodology by the instructor."
The course is well balanced. There are videos that explain the concepts very clearly and there are a lot of exercises that challenge your skill. A must-do course for beginners in python.
The videos are very helpful for beginners. All the examples given and the diagrammatic representations of the execution of the code are so apt for anyone to understand what the logic is.
"Amazing!Now I get closer to Python lol, with still practice, and hope there will be more interactive directions  especially for assignments (some of them are a little challenging for me)"
amazing course just eager to do more and more problematic coding. I just say to my All Friends that please join the course and give only 3-4 hours and your concepts will be crystal clear
I searched for many resources to learn Python. Also learned for about a week and left. But finally reached to coursera and find this course. Its Awesome and learning for more than a week
Huge applause for Dr. Chuck for making this course and subject so easy to connect to and learn. Never thought programming good be so intuitive and thanks to him I feel like it's natural.
"Excellent course, easy to follow, and builds a strong foundation for future python courses.  The professor explains all the beginner level concepts in a clear way and makes learning fun."
"Absolutely amazing! Dr. Chuck does a fantastic job of explaining every single detail, and because of this it was extremely easy to learn even though I had no prior programming knowledge."
Great beginner course for Python! Instructor does a great job of explaining and showing everything he teaches. The $10 book that goes along with it is very helpful as well. Great course!
This was very good course for even beginners. I liked the way the course was conducted and the followups done.simple and good assignments to learn language by having hands on experience. 
"The course is very beginner friendly! Although I am an experienced programmer, Python is new to me, and I appreciate the explanation on the basic fundamental and nuances of the language."
"This a great course for learning Python, especially if you have little or no programming experience. Dr. Chuck has a great method for teaching this class in a fun way. I highly recommend "
I must thank Dr. Charles Severance for his very interesting teaching way. It is the best start for programming. Thanks so much for giving me this chance to enroll in this fabulous course
I'm so impressed to this course. The teacher is very nice and he teaches so friendly....... I will hope to complete all the courses . Pray for me...... I want to be a programmer. ...  :)
This course is really easy to understand for those who does not have basis in informatics at all. The free book is also quite pragmatic.Professor Chuck is good at delivering information!
"Very easy to follow, and fun to do. Instructor inspired me to expand skillset with my RaspberryPi with the use of virtual network computing from iOS to the Pi. Onward and upward. Thanks!"
This course is an amazing introduction not only to Python but coding and how computers work in general. The videos are super helpful and the professor is very funny and a great lecturer. 
"This course is amazing to get started on Python language and programming in general, it was easy to learn and well explained, I hope at my college teach programming like this course did"
"very simple and easy, the videos and notes were clear and to the point, and there enough of time for you to study, even stop and take a break and start again, with quiz and assignments."
"This course is very interesting and the instructor is very professional, clear and has a great accent. I would highly recommend to those who are looking for a basic knowledge of Python."
"According to this course, you could gain the basic information and skills of Python. The professor is so humourous and logical. He makes every point very clear and easy to understand!!! "
One of the best lecturers that I had the honor to learn from. He is able to turn the difficult concepts into simple ones. Course materials are free and easy to follow. Thank you so much  
"As the name signifies , this course is for everybody. Prof.Chuck is the best person ever you can get as a tutor for this course. Lectures and assignments were interactive and fun to do."
  Great Course; Great InstructorIt was a great corse overall. The materials were adequate and moderately distributed over weeks. Learnt a great deal from the course. Strongly recommended.  
I am happy to attend all your lecture. I like the way your teaching and I enjoy every lecture and learn many things .i am a beginner and this course taught me a lot to improve my skills  
It is an amazing course for beginners. Explained in detail and in the simplest way possible. For students with no prior knowledge of any programming this is the best course for python!! 
Thanks for getting me going with online learning. I can see the old coding bug is back and I loved seeing small code blokes run.  Excited to progress to the next phase of handling data.
"Chales has to be the funnest lecturer i've come across, he's able to take the most complex subject and break it down to small understandable bits while throwing in bits of humor! Thanks "
This course is very educational for everybody who wants the learn python. I think that the basics given in this course can apply to even a person who has no knowledge about programming.
"As a master candidate, this course is one of the most excellent courses I have ever taken!  Python is a future common language, just like English, so I will try harder to learn it well."
"This course teaches us the basics of programming. Being a non-programmer, I could easily cope with the course. I would really like to thank our mentors who have helped us to learn more. "
"these course are so interesting, I learned a lot. the last two assignment took me about half an hour to figure out the right answer, which further my understanding toward some functions"
"The course is great, the prof is funny and explain everything crystal clear, i just hope if assignments could be harder and longer, but anyway, I am grateful for this course, thank you!"
"The progress of the classes is slow, which enables students to follow the class perfectly. The lessons are pragmatic, which give our student an overall scene of the python language use. "
This is helps me to learn the fundamental and working style of Python very easily. The Instructor explains each and every statement very clearly with examples help me to know in detail. 
"This course was excellent!  Videos, reading, quizzes, and homework were wonderful and very helpful. I walked away with the knowledge I wanted to, and am excited for second Python class!"
This course was a kickstart to my learning of python. It gives me a clear idea of python and arouse an interest to learn it to the depth!Thank you for designing such a beautiful course.
Great course i like it i have learned basics of python here i will recommend more learners if they want to learn basic python then this course is best you will enjoy learning it. thanks
I love Python so much! I am only 12  but I feel like I have been doing it my whole life! There is a 100% chance that I will tell my friends about Coursera. Thank you for coursera world!
"Amazingly lucid. Instructed in such a comprehensive manner, which does not let a novice or a newcomer, wonder, as in what is happening....Thank you so very much, Dr.Chuck and Coursera !"
This course was amazing. Kudos to Dr. Chuck and Coursera for hosting it. The only improvement I could recommend would be to add more assignments/problem sets for practice of new skills. 
Excellent introductory courser for Python learnerand i love to watch the office hour video and interviewsI can see the passion and very funny coursehope you will come to Hong Kong soon!
"I have experience with scripting, so most of the concepts weren't new to me.  What I valued here was the Python-particular gotchas, such as indenting and adding colons to if statements.    "
"Our Mentor , he is just mind blowing . I really like the way of teaching.Also the study material and slides are really very helpful.Coursera really took teaching to a very higher level."
This is the BEST course I've enrolled. Easy to follow activities excellent materials and professor. The workload is light with lots of learning experience as  a beginner in the course.
"Great introduction to Programming, and to Python specifically. Course moves at a great pace, forces you to figure out problems on your own and has plenty of material to learn and grow! "
Being a beginner this course helped me a lot to understand the fundamentals of programming. I highly recommend this course for beginners as well as those who want to understand Python. 
If you need basic understanding of Python from zero this course is for you.You will learn all syntax and semantics about python and you're on way to become a great programmer in Python
I think i could successfully learn basic python programming. And the our teacher is very very effective person and he taught us very cleanly according to we can understand very quickly
I  was a beginner . i do not know anything about python but now i have learned a lot of about pythonthis course is very helpful to learn basic python and very useful for me  .thank you
"These type of courses are far better than those which had Peer-graded assignments. At least, I don't need to rely on others.Please try to make such type of courses as much as possible."
As I already know the basics of python programming. But by watching this course as a revision. I feel very confident in me. This is the one of the best courses that I have ever learnt.
"Great course .After finishing it the only thought in my mind was ""why didn't i took it earlier"".Give your time and you will get the  basics perfect. Simply amazing.Thanks to Dr. Chuck. "
Thank you. It was a worthwhile course. I've gained a lot about how to get started with any programming language not only python. The professor's lecture is so awesome and entertaining.
Very helpful and interesting course. I was always afraid of trying out a Programming language but it makes me so interested I will follow the next steps as well. Thank you Coursera....
"The professor was very engaging, the study materials were handy and useful. The bonus sections too were very  interesting and didn't let the interest of the learner die off. Thank You!"
"this course is sooo familiar, earlier l use to fear to code means my mind was not able to decode the coding problems but this course created intrest of coading in me, thank yo so much."
"It was really good and detailed course, i suggest u might add the answers for the program grading since it can help us understand how to right a good code.Rest everything is just great"
"This is the best course I have ever had in python. The instructor is great, the course is well balanced and the timeline helps to check on your progress.Thanks, Coursera and Dr. Chuck."
The course is fully awesome and it will help me to boost my coding skills in python as well as in my resume.I am very thankful of coursera for providing their platform to learn python.
"The instructor is good, the course is incredibly detailed, beautifully made, and amazing for a beginner. These courses are worth a lot more than that for the amount of quality content."
Really enjoyed the course and have alot of confidence not that I'll be able to learn this language and be able to make good use of the knowledge. (And I started as a complete beginner)
This is a really awesome course for ones who a new in the programming world. I feel that Python for everybody is a great initiative by University of Michigan and Dr. Charles Severance.
Really a wounderful couse. I don't enjoyed to complete this course. I want to do all 5  couses of 'Programming for everybody'. Thank you so much for providing us the platform like this
"Outstanding class. Dr. Chuck is a top notch instructor.  I just can't believe that this is something that I can do.  All my life, I thought it was beyond my capabilities, but it's not!"
"This was a great class! I learned a lot, especially loops that I was looking for, but learned more than just that! Charles Severance was a great teacher and I recommend it to everyone!"
Took the course and loved it. It is friendly and totally understandable class. I encourage you to take it if you are interested in having the first notions of programming.Cheers!Andrés  
Dr Charles is just superb in explaining the concepts of programming.And his way of approach is funny and interesting which helps a lot in learning the course in a very interesting way.
"  Great course. Lays down the concept behind programming. Its not one of those courses that demand you learn infinite lines of code, rather it teaches you how to think like a programmer.  "
This is an excellent course for beginners. Especially those who are just starting to program. The work of the teacher is great! It is very interesting to listen and work with examples.
Great fundamental course! Its a bit remedial of you already know the basics of python though. I recommend just doing all the assignments and quizzes in a day for a refresher if you do. 
Managed to complete this in 2 weeks as I have quite a lot of time available. The exercises were fairly simple and easy to understand giving me a good grounding in the basics of python.
Excellent course for the begineers those are willing to begin with python in the world of programming .Dr chuck is very fine teacher and teaches in a very friendly & productive manner
"The materials are nice and easy and the instructor is really clear on all the materials. The projects take more time than listening to the lecture videos. Overall, I like this course. "
This course is very good for everyone especially for beginners. I have learnt very basics of Python under the guidance of Dr. Chuck. His explanation is very well. Thank You Dr. Chuck. 
The great course i mean basic is fully clear i think for me now data structures is what i don't like but i think it will be great fun in next part of this course python for everybody.
"This is very helpful for me , I learnt many of things like python basics, loops, how to program a code and many more basic things thank you so much giving  me a such a great platform.   "
it's not intuitive but all the answers for the assignments are there in the lectures which are great and the assignments are fun to do believe I left my video games to do this course.
It's a great course for people who are new to coding and python. The instructor really helps students to build up confidence in learning coding. And he explains related ideas clearly.
"I totally enjoyed learning this course, also everything was started from ground level and best for students like me who doesn't know C of coding. I would really do the specialization."
It's is really basic course and good for who is amateur in python programming. It gives basic idea so that one can learn basic terminology of python.Thanks for the instructor and all. 
"I knew nothing about programming before this course, now I can do some things. I extremely like how  Dr. Chuck explains everything and challenges you to think. I truly recommend this."
Great platform and great professor with his passion and patient on teaching us those points with details and tricks that we should be aware of as a programming beginner. Thanks a lot.
I now have a hightened level of desire to learn more about Python because of how much I learnt after completing this course. It is perfect for beginners with no programming knowledge.
This is a very good course which students can study online very comfortably. The professor is also teaching in really good way so that everyone can understand even the complex things. 
"It was a fantastic course. I learnt the basics of Python and would continue to learn various courses on Coursera. Charles Severance is an awesome professor , very nice lecture series."
"It was a very well taught beginner's course for introduction to the python language. I would definitely suggest others who are new to start off here. Short, simple and very effective."
Very good course for beginners.  As i am experienced in other programming language i could appreciate the effort put in by Prof to educate in a layman terms with patience. Appreciated 
"The first class is very easy. However, the learning experience is great and Prof. Charles Severance is so fun to work with. Thanks for the wonderful introduction course and materials. "
"It was my first complete course in Coursera and found it really amazing! Charles is really awesome, I like his class so much. How I wish someday to attend his lecture in the presence."
"I really feel like I have a solid foundation after this course. There is still a lot to learn, but I definitely know more now than I did before! (And I'm sure that was the main point)"
"This course is one of the most attractive course for me, I have working for more than 5 years in IT area but never seen before any courses like this course. Thanks to Professor. Chunk "
This course gets full stars because of the content and because of Professor. He made this course really interesting than what it would have become if we had to just study from a book.
"If you don't know anything about programming and want to start learning in a fun and easy way, using an exiting language, then you are in the right place. The instructor is brilliant"
"You will have to work hard to earn this one! Not everyone can get through some of the hard parts of the course. I did sweat to earn this one. Now, I am proud about my accomplishment. "
"Ok, I breezed through this course because I have some experience with Python. But what stuck with me is Dt.Chuck. His style of teaching makes me want to complete this specialization."
 The way DR. Chuck teaches the class is really very interesting and the way he uses everyday life examples in the topics has helped me understand the basic concept of python very well 
"He is one of the best teachers I learned basic things about python and now I can make simple programs.
It is a great course that gives many resources to learn, i made a good decision"
Absolutely fantastic course . Thanks a lot to Charles sir for teaching in such a interesting way . when I started I was just unawared of programmimg and got to learn a lot from this.
"Great Course!Highly informative and very easy to understand in the format and delivery of the professor. I enjoyed the course, and I am looking forward to the next one in the series."
"It was an amazing experience learning from Dr Chuck. I will surely take more courses from the University of Michigan. Beginners for python, you people need to start with this course."
"Such a great course by Charles Severance. i have studied the python course earlier, but the way instructor teaches in this course is amazing. Thank u coursera and   Charles Severance "
"It may be the good course for the fresher who want to learn about machine learning ,data science ,Artificial intillengence .Great Start course for those who want to learn all of this"
"Overall a very good course for those who have not done any courses on programming language. But if you have done at least one, I am afraid that this may add little to your knowledge."
If any of you have been scared or find programming very hard to understand this is the best place for you to start. A very well taught course. I am very happy to have enrolled in it.
"He is an exceptional teacher and teaches stuff very efficiently.I had a lot of fun with the facts and the extra material on py4e was helpful too.Thank you Dr, Severance and Coursera."
Sir Charles Russel Severance has done truly a great job in explaining the basics of programming and how python works. The course was very helpful and I enjoyed learning about python.
"Dr. Chuck taught really very well. This course really helped me to get a basic understanding of the Python. Besides, I feel that the course is really well structured and interactive."
"Well organised and comprehensive coverage. The slides and explications are kept as simple as possible, but yet do not spare out important details - a balance that is hard to achieve."
"Loved it. I have already had some experience with Python, but this course provided a lot of clarity for me, as well as additional information I never learned in my programming class. "
I really like the passion that the instructor has for coding. He made me laugh with the small jokes he cracked in between explaining the coding. Great course. Thanks for making this!
"Professor Chuck is the man.  Makes you very comfortable, has a good quirky sense of humor and keeps you from getting overwhelmed looking forward to taking the next 4 courses with him"
"First Python class I've taken where I wasn't extremely bored! The professor is great, engaging, and I feel like I am learning a lot instead of writing ""hello world"" every 15 seconds. "
"Mr. Severance is an excellent teacher. The training course is very well structured and easy to learn. I do recommend this course for beginners, who want to lear the basics of Python."
Very inspiring and super interesting! I absolutly love his way of teaching Python! Charles is a perfect instructor! Thank you Charles so much! Hope I can find more to learn from you. 
"Excellent experience !! It was worth it. As an improvement, I would recommend that the theory is also taken up in some videos to showcase the importance of self learning to students."
"This course is very recommended for new Python users. It is very didactic, clear and pedagogic.  The lessons are well distributed and the homework have been very useful. Five stars!!"
Great course! I really liked the online experience and the instructor did a very good job of explaining the material. I'd recommend this course to anyone who is interested in coding.
"Very detailed and explicit course.For me, as for the one who has a little bit practice in programming before, some of lessons had seemed to ""easy"". But anyway it is very good course."
Dr. Chuck was awesome. I liked that he didn't read a script and was a lot like college professors I've had in the past. Definitely feel like I have a solid foundation to build upon.
I found this course very useful and now I have gained confidence in programming.  Thank you for this wonderful course and thank you to Dr. Chunks for teaching this course so nicely. 
DR. CHUCK You are Great. I am in Love with you and your Teaching Style. You are absolutely amazing and genius in this field. I am looking forward to take other courses teach by you. 
"I had no BG in programming and had tried several online courses and failed to continue every one of them.  This course completely changed my direction and now, I am into programming"
"Respected sir, thank you for teaching me basic python programming language,  you taught in an excellent way. I thank you to all your teammates and other who worked for this project. "
It was great learning Python with Dr. Chuck . The overall experience while taking the course was good and the entire course study material and tools for practical are very helpful . 
This is a very interesting course and the instructor made the course very easy and fruitful for all the learner. Anyone can do the course and it will surely motivate them in future.
Its very easy for you if your already familiar with even a single programming  language and want to learn Python . But its a great course   if you've never done programming before .
Greetings of the dayI have learner the basics of python.before the course i dont know about the python this course help me a lot thanking for offering such type of course.thank your
"I am a first time learner of programming language and to be honest this course is worth learning. With every excercise, quiz or assignment I learnt something. Thanks for the course. "
Excellent course. I love the instructor. He teaches the hard stuff quite easily and it's not boring. He somehow kept my attention on the course. i would recommend this to everybody.
"The Professor was a good teacher, maintaining a good balance between stopping boredom and at the same time ensuring that we were learning all the time. A very good beginning course."
He explains very well how to love someone who never knows programming and how to learn. I finished the course and wrote many projects thanks to the course. Thank you for this course
Best course to Learn python basic or even to develop interest in programming. The way this course is designee is really appreciable I recommend this course to learn basic of python.
"I really enjoyed this course and found the content enlightening, mainly because the lecturer was able to pitch the information at a level and way that made sense to me, very good th"
Extremely cute and friendly professor gave a very clear lecture on Python. I learned C ++  before so this course is very easy for me but the last assignment is very good and useful.
Great online course and good learning content too.I recommend who start a carrier in programming in Python should at least try this course.Again thank u Coursera and teaching staff.  
very good introduction to loops functions etc. if you got some programming experience you can do it in a week as a good introduction for the following courses in this specialization
"It has been refreshing to learn the basics of programming and in such an easy manner.  The way Dr.Chuck took us through the basics, it was really kind of easy to grasp the concepts."
"As a computer science student, who started coding in early 2016 in C++, I believe this course was a good opportunity to understand the syntax of Python in a clear and organized way."
"I really like the way this course is presented, fun and light hearted but at the same time feel encouraged to do my best. Thank you so much to everyone who made this course posable."
"The trainer is best. A must watch course for everyone who are planning to take python as a programming language. It covers a whole lot of basics of python, and hence we must study."
I learned a lot of new things in this course. But the most important thing I learned is the basics of python programming. Thanks a lot for this great course on this great platform!
"I learnt things easily and enjoy some little jokes and funny tips from instructor, just felt like doing this course without having a location barrier face to face instead of online"
This is an excellent course for beginners in any programming language. Assignments & quizzes are very helpful if you do it on your own. Thank you coursera for such type of courses.
"Programming usually is so boring to me, so I give up easily. I have never met anybody that made it seem so  easy and interesting, like I don't even want to stop, Thank you so much."
Oh i wish Mr Severance was my programming teacher. Such a good course.He gradually and beautifully takes us from outside of the machine to its heart.had a great time completing it.
"The teaching method of professor Charles is very unique and i'm quite impressed by it , in every video he represent the information and fact in very enjoyable and interesting form. "
Loved the class. I was brand new to Python; the prof did a nice job breaking the material down enough that I could follow and work through the assignments without too much trouble.
I am really so proud to be one of those who had finished this course. It was a pleasure to study with such GREAT INSTRUCTOR Mr.CHARLES. I loved his way so much. THANK YOU SO MUCH ❤
"Had fun learning python and basics of programming, all thanks to the great instructor, he is such a good person with excellent knowledge and have a good grip on teaching stuff too."
I hadn't done any programming for a long time and this introduction was just perfect for making me fall in love again with programming and teasing me about the potential of Python!
The content was very accessible to the novice learner.  As a clinician and a researcher I see a multitude of benefits for using Python to improve aspects of both areas of practice. 
"this course is so great for the people who don't have any background in programming, the course contents are suitable and the instructor is so brilliant and funny I really like him"
"It is a great courses that I learned a lot from the courses, and I think the courses is not too hard for the people who do not have a background on python, c++ or things like that."
This is a good course for beginners in programming and to students that wants to begin coding in python it is a good introduction for computer programming and for python language .
"The internet is overflowing with beginner intro to python online courses. After trying several this one proved to be the course I stuck with, and began my journey into programming. "
Thank you for this course - it was just what I was looking for!Great introduction to Python and I am ready to go deeper. Thank you to Charles Severance who is an excellent teacher!
Well paced.  The lectures were very informative.  The assignments were just the right level of difficulty to push you to use the information you learned.  I would highly recommend.
"For a beginner to programming, this is a very easy to understand course as every concept is covered from the basics. While someone who knows a programming language but has been out "
Course is excellent. Everything in the course was clearly explained by Dr. Chuck. But I somehow felt this was a really easy course. Should have come across a bit harder coursework.
This course was a lot of fun!  I did most of the programming on a Raspberry Pi 3.  I literally knew nothing about Python programming before starting this.  This course was awesome.
Loved this course.   Learning the basics of the programming language python was quite easy.   I highly recommend this course for those interested in picking up the python language.
Great way to get a crash course on Python and understanding the basics of computer language. I look forward to expanding this skill set and taking more courses in other languages. 
"it is really very good course you will have a strong base. Trust me this is the best course to learn ,enroll in it and complete it. The instructor explained every point in detail."
I had an amazing experience through this course. The lectures are amazing and so is the instructor. It was a very helpful and great beginning to get into the world of programming. 
"It helps me to think like a computer: sequence. It will surely help me to approach things in a more diverse style. I like the instructor, his light humor, and his teaching method."
This was a really well done course! I appreciated that he kept things simple and that he gives you an opportunity to practice and test your ability to apply the things he teaches.
  Very much intuitive course. I love the teaching style of Dr. Charles Severence. I am very much eager to do the next courses of the Python Specialization courses instructed by him.  
Dr. Chuck's explanation on the topics was excellent that even a beginner can grasp easily. I loved the course and obviously it was very useful to get started with learning Python.
Great course to start with Python. Looking forward for other part of the course. Thanks to Dr. Chuck for his down to earth way of teaching and making things simpler to understand. 
This course is great to learn basic about programming and Python. Dr. Chuck is a great teacher and makes it possible to almost maintain the difficulty level throughout the course. 
"really a great course, dr chuck takes a lot of time explaining each and every ity-bty things in detail. really a great one. I really enjoyed!a must for every tech-savvy programmer"
"This course if for those people who want to learn from basic to advance step by step,cleared many concepts and this course helped me in realizing that python is very easy language"
"its a excellent start for a beginner to learn python, I recommend everyone this course who want to get their basics strong. Thanks to Dr. Chuck for making Python learning so easy."
"This
course encourages and helps the student to complete all modules at their own
pace, without placing them under any pressure, I would recommend this type of
learning to anyone.    "
"Great course, helps you to understand python from the very basics and will surely help the students who are not from the data science background to learn python in a very easy way"
"Extremely helpful. Loved the way the professor taught us this course, he was so motivating throughout the entire course which played a key role in completing it early. Thank You !"
The course was very good. I enjoyed alot during the course. Dr. Charles Severance had a good and creative way of teaching. Don’t hesitate to take the course just do it right away!
"It was a good start for beginners. I  started with zero knowledge and I was able to understand a lot and start catching up, thank to the simple explanation and the organized flow. "
"Very interactive way of teaching. Liked the course, it's content and the tests which are challenging enough. If course is properly studied than all the test and quiz will be easy."
This is an amazing course. The instructor was very explanatory and used the best examples i could imagine to pass information across. I am so excited and ready for the next course
I am an art student and I had no experience about programming. But this course definitely leads me to the door of programming and I can understand the contents! Thank you so much!
"Good introductory course.  If you've done any programming in the past you can kind of ""fast forward"" through the videos but it gives you a good overview of the general syntax etc."
"Very good course for learning basic Python programming and for you to start to think as a programmer. If you have little or no experience in the field, this is the course for you."
This course is perfect for the beginners and especially who do not have any programming background. The assignments are tricky that pushes us to use logical thinking to do coding. 
"I like this course so much.i love prof Charles. He is very humorous and explained in a very clear and interesting ,simple way to make the students understand. Thank you very much!"
"A great intro to Python! Too much video that didn't seem useful to me (the office hours and accompanying video), but the lectures and practice provided a nice balance of learning."
"This course is excellence. As a beginner in programming, I understand thoroughly the lessons. If one can put effort and is a quick learner, he/she can finish the course in a week."
"It was a great course. Even if you don't know anything about programming you can take this course.If you have some experience, you can fast forward to Data Structures with Python."
It was a great journey for me to complete this course so good to learn new things and i really looking forward for more courses to complete in this platform...thank u so much ...
The professor who teaches is simply one of the best teachers I've ever learnt from. He makes it feel so simple and understandable even for someone with no prior coding experience 
"This course was amazing, I truely learned the way i have to think to beginning write my own programs. Thank you so much Professor Charles your classes maked the difference to me!"
"Charles is simply one of the best instructors, I wish I had him as my instructor a decade ago when I tried to get into this field. Class is challenging for me but not impossible. "
"A very laid out structure of the course for better & easy understanding. Taught by Dr. Charles Severance, who's at the paragon of teaching course related to computer programming.  "
It is Good Course.But it finds More problematic for those students who are living in Low network/low internet service areas. I would like to request you to look into this matter.
"This course is really something, basically I am an accountant and I really excited when learning this course with Dr. Chuck, he make this course really fun and never get yawning."
This is the best python programming course for the beginners and the all lectures by instructor are very easy to understand and and all the quiz and assignments are very helpful.
Very easy course for a beginners to get introduced to python. The course instructor is great. Overall it was pretty short and helpful for me to manage with my daily work routine.
"Amazing course! It was a good introduction to computer science and python, i had no IT background, but i have studied math in university, so it was pretty easy, but very helpfull"
"overall good start towards getting started with python, instructor is really nice and humble. He taught so well that now i can say ""yep that's really good course to begin python"""
I really loved this course. It's great!! Charles Severance is an admirable teacher. I liked to listen to him. I hope he will teach the advanced courses as well.Thank you Charles!
"Very good course. ""Dr. Chuck"" showed me the bsics about Python. My goal is to lear more about Machine Learning - ML - using Python. It was a good start for my journey! Thank you!"
The lectures are easy to follow but it may seem a bit long for a single video.But thank you very much for your effort to prepare this course to allow more people to learn python.
"Thanks to   Professor  Charles Severance, for imparting the programming course with such a friendly and simple way that the fear of programming really vanished. Thanks a lot sir."
"I loved the course! Prof. Severance makes it easy to understand, with great examples and a fun sense of humor. The extra videos were interesting to watch too for additional info."
I had been yearning to start learning programming. Never thought there would be such a wonderful course out there. Was a really fun and engaging way of understanding how to code.
"Amazing tutor and great course. The course forces you to test and trial all sorts of codes, to search for solutions and go into forums to find a way. Really a great way to learn."
It is a very good course. I have learnt a lot of things on python even now I addicted to this language. Thanks to Charles also for giving the training such a way. Love the course
"Very helpful course for beginners. The teacher is great and really wants you to learn. I highly recommend this course and I intend to complete the rest of the courses for python.
"
"The course has been awesome! The content is quite accessible and the instructor explains it in a clear and informative way, and he is super funny! Helps a lot in getting started!"
"Good teacher, very lively and entertaining. Course was simpler than I anticipated and completed it in less than 8 hours. Mind you that I have some experience with Matlab and C++."
"I felt challenged and excited by this course. I have minimal experience, and now I feel so much more confident in learning how to program! I cannot wait to move on to course 2/5!"
I have always been nervous about coding by Dr. S. made sure it wasn't scary at all.  Very easygoing and fun to watch.  I look forward to the other courses in this specialization.
"colours in the slides are not clear and disturb the eyes especially when using purple, yellow and light green. Other than that this course is terrific and the instructor rocks :)"
This course is absolutely amazing because it teaches you everything from the very beginning. So if you dont have any background in programing then you definitely must not worry . 
This is really great course for beginners like me. I have learned the fundamentals of python and it is really interesting. I have never attempt the good course like this before.
it was an awesome experience to go through Python. i can now talk with Python like my educator said. it was really enthusiastic to walk with my educator. thank u so much sir. :)
I am really excited to learn more in this course. Dr.Chuck is the best teacher I have got in the programming field. I am very much impressed and I wish to thank for the classes.
"After taking this course, I started believing in myself that I can also do programming. I am totally a beginner. Course instructor style of teaching is Awesome, I enjoyed a lot."
"I enjoyed this course this foundation course it helps me a lot, to explore basic knowledge about python i am so grateful to university of michigan for this course , thanks a lot "
"In this, they will cover basic concept.but for the question we have to do from somewhere else.NO language barrier, even a non-English spoken student can also get this with ease.   "
I love the instructor a lot. he made this simple course interesting and interactive. I have learned the basics of the Python before but Dr. chuck made it to stay with me forever
"If you want to start learning programming, This is the place to start. Specially if you have been struggling with it for a while, trust Dr. Charles to make you love programming. "
Charles Severance is excellent teacher and you can easily understand what Python is and how it works. This course is one of the best alternatives to get started to learn Python! 
As for a totally newbie in a great world of programming - this course was a great experience! After taking this course I have no doubts that i will continue studying this topic.
"Thank you, Mr Chuck, for explaining to us this much and easier way of Python. I always feared of Code. But now I am easily able to understand the Logic behind code.Thanks & Love"
Dr. Chuck is an outstanding teacher and has inspired me to press on in learning Python. This class is great for someone with very little knowledge of computer science or Python.
"It is a very wonderful course and the lectures are easy to understand, allowing the beginner to get to know Python in a friendly way. I will recommend this course to my friends."
"I had no experience in python or programming when i started the course but i am glad to have taken this course,it has helped me understand the basics of coding wonderfully well."
This is my first python course and this one of the best decisions that I have taken. I want to thank Dr Chuck and his compatriots for working so hard to bring this course to us.
I am not new to programming but I felt that this would be a great introductory course for those new to the Python programming language and the concept of programming in general.
"This course was very helpfull for me, before take this course i was afraid with start programing, but the way that the teacher explains is excellent, and the book is excelent to"
"Just a Great Course! It's super friendly to do, you don't get bored watching the lectures or even reading the book, programming is super funny! Continue doing such a great work!"
"Very Happy to Complete my First Course on The Coursera. Just a Good Start , a lot to come. Very Nice and Pretty much easy course by Dr.Chuck. Thank You Team Coursera and Chuck. "
"This course is most suitable if you are new to the programming world or if you are new to Python.  For me, a great course and can get more new experiences. Thanks for everyone."
"It was excellent. I had some background in coding, but I think the professor makes it very simple and easy to flow through the course even if one has no background. Full stars!"
nice course for a really biggener in programming field if you don't know the syntax of any programming language still its not a big deal you will go on smoother in this course.
"  This is a very gentle introduction to programming in Python. The videos are very thorough, and Dr. Chuck does a good job of going over everything he's teaching in great detail.   "
I would love to be surrounded by such an intellectually active people so that I can make the best use of myself to this planet. Thanks for sharing the knowledge. see you again.
I am happy to write the review about my course I learned the programming by courser in programming for Everybody(Getting started with python) I am so thank full to this course.
I really like the professor who explained the course . He explained every topic clearly . if there are more and more work sheets it would be more helpful.thank you.thanks alot.
Great intro to Python and to programming as a whole. Be sure to go through the exercise of using the CMD prompt to learn additional techniques that will help you in the future.
"This is the most wonderful programming course I've ever had! The first time I was told how to think in order to use all these wonderful things: while, for, None, try.Thank You!"
It's a fantastic course. I know nothing about programming before I took this course and it envokes my interest a lot in programming. I like this teacher and many thanks to him.
Prof Charles for the win. Wish I can see you teach my future courses as well. Great enthusiasm and built up the lectures very intuitively and in the right manner. Great course.
"Loved having Dr. Chuck teach this course!His approach and explanations are easy to follow as a beginner, yet also challenging enough that I feel I got a lot out of this course."
The contents of this course is quite detailed. Very suitable for beginners. If you have some basic knowledge of Python. You can use this chance to go through quickly to review.
The professor is so nice and humorous. This course really helps me open the door of Python. I feel confident that I can start with other more advanced Python courses right now.
"Great course for beginners! I would recommend it to everyone who wants to learn the basics in a clear, fun and enjoyable way. Dr. Chuck is fantastic at explaining and teaching."
"Great course, material is well complemented with the videos. In the last week will be great to  know what are the next steps or the following courses recommended by Dr. Charles"
"Really good for someone who knows about programming, but not in python. The pace is pleasant, it is better than a book, as you hear how the jargon is used. Highly recommend it."
I have more than 10 years programming experience and I started this course just to get familiar with python. I think it is great course for those who want to start programming.
"
This Is the Best Course For someone who is a beginner and needs to learn the basics of programming.
Mr. Charles Severance's work is admirable. Thank you so much for the course.



"
This course will be very beneficial for anyone who wants to learn basic programming. This course will be very helpful for the people who are very new to programming or Python.
It is one of the great courses in Coursera for programming who has little to no experience In programming. I will start learning the next course and complete the basic python.
wonderful course to get started with python . It was amazing learning from professor Chuck . Its really worth it . Concepts get clear and assignments really get you to think . 
"I have many times before tried to complete python basic programming course, however this time the instructor made me stick till the end. Loved it and will be joining for more."
"Dr. Severance is a very funny person and his lecture is quite interesting. For everyone who never learn how to program before, I highly recommend you guys to take this course. "
"Learned a lot of new things from this course which made my basic more strong and I am looking forward to taking level 2 of this course which is Python Data Structures, Thanks."
This course is very helpful for me .I found it very intersting because the way of teaching in this course is user friendly any one can understand this course as its name shows
"It is the best course I have ever done. If you are the baby born for the programming, Dr. Chuck is the best instructor for you. Just grab this opportunity as soon as possible."
Very Good course for python beginner it cover all the basic detail and Dr. Chuk is very good teacher so i will suggest that to learn basic python you should choose this class.
The course was Excellent. Now I am clear with all the basics which are needed to build programs in Python.Hope the remaining courses will also be good and  Easy to understand.
The course is a very good option  if you don't have any prior knowledge in Python programming. The  Bonus material was good (inspirational). Didn't seemed boring at any point.
Dr. Chuck is very informative and entertaining.  This course does a great job teaching the basics of programming in general as well as Python in particular.  Thanks Dr. Chuck.
This course was too good. I am happy from my learnings thanks coursera for this course from one of the best university and one of the best teacher from this world.THANKS A LOT
The professor is second to none. He knows which step you may run into errors. He explains the knowledge in a way that even a programming novice like me can easily understand!!
"So much fun to learn through this class. It can be frustrating at times, but it's super rewarding when your code works! You will learn everything you need for the next course."
"Thank you professor! I'm feeling that you are such a great guy. Especially, your office hour video makes me think you are so active and enthusiastic for this course!Thank you. "
"Actually, I think this course is over easy. I don't think a person with normal intellect need 7 weeks to finish this course. It just took me like 3 days to finish this course."
I am a new stduent from india name is akshay goyal and the teaching way is very good of teacher . Its a very good experience learnitng from other populer countrie's university
I really liked the methods of learning and the quizzes and also it was fun to learn something new being a non tech student with no prior knowledge about programming language.
 I thought learning python is tough and I cant learn it so easy . But this course is excellent and I'm enjoying it. Teaching is efficient and easy to understand for beginners.
Great insights and great explanations. Dr. Chuck is such a carismatic person and it's so nice to see how he is so commited to open source and offering education for everyone!
"Wow! This course is simply amazing! The instructor's teaching style is very engaging. He explains all the concepts in a simple and clear way, that is very easy to understand. "
It was indeed a great course and i enjoyed a lot while working out the problems. This course is designed to earn from the basic and gives each bit of information very clearly
This course has helped me advance my knowledge in python. It's a great course taught by a great teacher. You learn the basics to programming in python and it's really useful.
Best course so far  it's so helpful and the instructor is amazing and he made the learning easy and fun I just want to thank you for your greeting and your method of teaching 
"It's an amazing and well paced course for python beginners. Loved the way in which Dr. Chuck described the concepts throughout, making them seem much easier and fun to learn. "
"I am so much glad to complete this course. Although this is not my first time using Python  programming, I so much love the way my Instructor taught me. Thank you once again."
Dr. Chuck is the best teacher for learning python because he teach the topic in the free or funny manner which helps to build interest in the topic and thank you so much sir. 
"Coming in with nearly zero background with computers other than the basics, it was quite easy to grasp. Some things just take some time to think through so don't feel rushed."
As an introductory course to python i thought this course was very competently put together i got a vry good for how Python begins i look forward to seeing where this will go
"This course is a good introduction to the basics, but I already have the foundation in this area, so I hope to invest in the following courses as soon as possible, thank you."
"Great course, great instructor Dr. Chuck, I never thought it would be possible for me to learn to code late in life but this course has made it possible.  Thank you Coursera¡"
Great teaching. I loved Dr. Severance. The material was presented in a way that was easy for me to learn and I feel really good about the skill I've acquired with this class.
It is really a wonderful course and what I like the most in this course is interactive exercises and a free coursebook to follow.Thank you prof. Chuck for making this course.
This Course was Great I will come back later form more courses on coursera. good thing about coursera is you can Wave your Course fee if you are not able to afford the course
"I like the teaching style of the professor, I am a total rookie of any programming skill. Thank you very much! I learned a lot and I will continue to learn further knowledge."
Dr. Chunk is so funny and he teaches well.And I like this interview and office hour part.I learned a lot in this course and I will keep learning his other python course. Thx!
Prof. Chuck made it easy to learn for everyone! Beginners should have no trouble understanding at all as it is broken into easy to digest parts. This is an excellent course!
Mr.Charles Severance really explained the very well . I totally like the course from the start till the end and I am looking forward to continue the other courses of Python.
This course is a blessing and our tutor is like a cherry on top of the cake. Our tutor made it feel like having a cake. I had lots of fun. Looking forward to the next class!
Very helpful  and his teaching methods is excellent . It helped me to learn python basics very easily.Such a helpful course for people who want to learn python programming .
It was good but too basic for me as i am good with programming in other languages like java and c++ and i did this course  because of python so that i dont miss out anything
"This is the best biginners course in programming.It made me feel so much more comfortable to look into the field of computers. Now I wanted to learn more of python, C++ etc. "
"Course syllabus, course teacher, course materials are excellent. This course helped me a lot to learn about python and how to program and how to think to get to the problem. "
"Dr Chuck is witty and detailed. Since I did had prior experience with python, the first part was more of a review for me but I highly recommend this course for any beginner."
"I appreciate this course, I can learn Python basic skill.I was interested in Python. This course is very easy and useful to me.Thanks to this course, I can take a next step."
Great when starting the with the basics.  Course goes at a nice steady pace and assumes no experience of programming.  Charles is a great lecturer and makes it all seem easy
I'm Japanese. I hadn't take a class of MOOC with English. But it is so easy for me to make out  this course.And Pf.Charles uses Bonus Material and motivate us to learn more.
"This is a very good course, ideal for first time programmers. Dr. Charles Severence is a great teacher - I really wish I could have had him as a professor during my studies! "
"Excellent course! I passed it within a week and got Python basics. I could not imagine it 2 weeks ago, but now I can easily write simple programs. Thanks a lot Dr. Chuck! :)"
"This is an invaluable experience for me to learn python. Thanks for both the professor, I really can learn how to program. Also thanks for coursera to offer me the platform."
I thought that the course was really great and I learned quite a bit. The only criticism I have is that the jokes made by the prof. made me cringe but that's rather trivial.
"That course was very good, the teacher is very cool.

As a begginer in Python, i found it a bit difficult in the chapter 7, I think it was too many content for a short time."
The professor is great at walking you through the concepts at a good pace.  Sometimes it feels too slow however its really not as I think the pace helps cement the concepts.  
"Excellent beginning programming class. I'm 100% a beginner and I never was lost. Now I feel like I can actually build basic programs, and this made me excited to learn more."
that was a great course from Dr Chuck. looking forward to learn more and want to follow in the steps of Dr chuck and give back to the society as much as possible. Thank you
"very good course taught me something I thought I will never learn thanks a lot and it was a little bit challenging at the beginning, and I tried till I succeed thanks a lot "
it was really interesting and useful course to introduce me to python and programming and Dr/ chuck 's way in teaching is very great and make it easy to complete the course 
"Wow, not only did I learn a new programming language. The instructor made it very easy for me to understand the information. I would highly recommend this course to anyone. "
"I know it's the beginning course and I know it's intended to be really easy, but I still can't believe I finished it and I am extremely excited to go on to the next course."
It was so easy to understand the basics of python language and it took only 4 and half days for me to learn . Thank you to Dr.Chuck and the assignments were really helpful.
"It is a very nice course .  it is true ""PYTHON FOR EVERYBODY"" as it is really easy and good for those who really what to start or learn the basic structure of coding PYTHON"
"great teacher, enjoy this course a lot and teaching style of  Dr. chur.  this course helps me to learn the fundamentals of python and taking deep knowledge in data science."
This was a great start to my python journey. Thanks for making it so simple. The professor Charles Severance was great at his teaching and knew how  to grab our attention . 
Got to learn a lot about the programming  language. The approach used for teaching was quite simple but effective and the assignments and exercises helped a great deal too.  
The course was perfect for a beginner in the field of Python language programming. Charles Severance was very funny and a good professor who can teach this language easily.  
For many years I  want to learn Python but I was just busy working and half way dropped out. Due to COVID-19 I stay home and noticed this course. It's very helpful. Thanks.
I am so happy this my first time to complete a  course and it was amazing. I enjoyed learning with  Dr.Severance  he is a great teacher. Thank you coursrea for this course.   
After searching for so many courses on Python I found the one on Coursera and it turned out to be great. This course is so amazing. Helps you build your skills from basics. 
"My first course with coursera. first of all, i really want to give thanks to dr chuck, who teach me a lot's of thing during the course. i have learned many things from him."
"the course is awesome , got an chance to meet Dr, Chuck it was an awesome experience and i would like to learn more course from Dr Chuck, thank you Dr Chuck for the course."
It was an amazing experience. Mr. Chuck is exceptional in his way of teaching which makes the concepts crystal clear in the mind. I learned a lot of stuff from this course.
"This is great! I tried learning Python using some other materials, but they always failed. I was able to keep up with this intro course and looked forward to working on it. "
Good starting point for me. I have done some programming a long time back and this course refreshed my memory as well as taught me the basics of a new programming language.
"As a complete beginner, I didn't know what to expect, but I came to love Dr. Severance's teaching style and resources. I plan on taking the next course in this series soon!"
The lectures are very clear. Materials from this set of class is not very hard since it is the most basic elements of programming. Overall I really enjoy taking this class.
very glad to learn about python. is very interesting great opportunities for me to take part to learn this lesion.thank you for providing you to see more advance learner..  
It was a very good course on basics of python. It is beneficial for first year engineering students and other people who want to learn programming. It was simple and crisp 
This course is really very much interesting and useful as now I can do the basic coding in Python that too very easily and the way of explaining and teaching is very great 
One of the best thing i ever learned . the way Dr chuk teach and convey the message just amazing . Hey Dr if you are reading this i just want to say thanks From Pakistan . 
"Super Nice , The Teacher Was Very friendly And Not Just Read Like robots from duke univerity ,he is really nice and teaches very well , explains like god. may be 100 stars"
"This course kept me going for the full 7 weeks which in the past has been very difficult for me to keep going till the end! Hopefully, just the beginning of python for me! "
Thanks to all coursera team for giving me a chance to learn the basic of python and providing me scholarship for this course which is much needed to me. Thanks a lot team.
The course content is very clear and acceptable and the language using in this class has been updated to a new version of python. Thanks for all the efforts of this group.
"If you have tried to learn programming before but the material was too confusing, please try Dr. Chuck before you give up - he will have you coding Python with confidence!"
"I loved this course. Its really good for beginners, though I was not completely one. The teacher is funny and knows how to explain the concepts in a clear and concise way."
It is a very interesting course which will help you to understand and start doing your own programming. The professor is really pedagogic so you will find it easy to lear.
great teaching overall . simplified and easy to learn for anybody . I liked the way the teacher tries to interact with the student even if these videos are pre uploaded .
"I loved this course and it very well put together to get you started, esp if you never did programming before! I will continue to do the next ones... Thank you, Coursera!"
  Lecture videos were broken into small parts whereby it's easy to understand and digest. Assessment given were relevant to what was taught for each segment. That was good.  
"The second best thing of this course is getting to learn the basics of Python. The best thing is learning it from Dr. Chuck. Thanks, Chuck, you deserve more than 5 stars!"
A starting point for any one who is aspiring to be a developer in the near future. I loved it and it looked so easy to learn and I can proudly say.. I can try coding now.
This course is very well design and make myself more confident and the best this about this course is it is very intrusting and the prof. he never going myself boring (y)
"This is one of the best and the easiest course I've come across. If you are new to Python like me than this course is for you. Enroll and learn, you will never regret it."
The professor has a good sense of humor and talks really clear and useful Python programming material. I had a good start on Python from this course. Thank you professor! 
It is very suitable for the starter of Python. The professor is so funny and can clearly explain the code using a simple way. Love it. Will continue other Python courses.
"Excellent introductory course. I had a prior knowledge in C, so it took me a lot less time than it should have. Nonetheless, one can comfortably complete it in 3-4 weeks. "
"Very good introduction to python. Dr Chuck is a very friendly, affable teacher. The textbook is free. The load of this class  is not so heavy. I really enjoyed the class."
What I personally liked about this course was it was started from the scratch and ended up being pretty complex. But my Professor was helpful in every step of my course.
I really enjoyed this course and learnt a lot. I feel a lot more confident to take the next python course now. This is the best beginner's course there is for Python!!!!
"Obviously I learned a lot during this course. Thank you so much Dr. Charles Severence for lecturing and guiding this course, I hope to see you in another class of yours."
I love the last peer grade in week 7.  I love all lectures of Mr.Chuck. I will keep learning new thing <3 Thank all of you guys about this course. From Vietnam with love
"Well made, I did have to search outside resources for some things I had issues with. Being a fresh learner to python is was quite good from the limited knowledge I have."
This is my first Python course.I The content of courses are easy to understand and and the of the course  also have quiz and exam to help me  get on of it. thanks a lot.
"amazing course ,but it is really for Beginnersgoing to take another one with some advance topics :) Instructor Is Very Good and will make u fall in love with programming "
"Had a lot of fun going through the course. As I do have many years of experience in programming, I do hope to see more challenging problems that I can ""choose"" to solve."
"I love this class. The teacher is humor, the lesson is not so hard, and I learned quickly. The only thing that I do not like is that it needs money. I am sad about that."
"Excellent course, and I love that you can work ahead if you have some experience programming. Dr. Chuck does a great job presenting the material online, and in the text. "
An excellent course that will enable even a non technical person pick up the necessary skills to move to the next level without ever feeling they are out of their depth. 
"Great course, Dr. Chuck is the best teacher in Coursera, for all the people that are in the beginning in the python programming world this is the best course you can get"
"  Dr. Charles ""Chuck"" Russell Severance is an amazing professor, thankful to Coursera that i could learn from a Legend. I am looking forward to complete all other courses.  "
I was able to grasp all the knowledge without hesitation and learnt in absolute pace. It was as intriguing as having the curiosity to learn something we really want to. 
It was Excellent ! Very well paced and structured and as the title says its for everybody. The course was very easy to understand and would be well suited for anybody .
"the course was very interactive and i enjoyed a lot while studying , and i wanna say thanks to all of you behind the screen to provide us knowledge and certificates too"
Great course only flaw is if you get stuck on the external assignment you don't get feedback so its hard to spot where you have gone wrong or where to improve your code
"It is a very good course provided by Coursera.Of course, dr Chuck is a very talented educator. He did a great work in making me understand every  portion of the course."
charles severence by far is the best faculty i've had so far. His way of teaching is not just simple but also attracts the students to take a deeper look at the subject 
I liked the way the Teacher taught us. They used day-to-day examples and scenario to explain stuff in this. I just loved the way he explain us and make us understand...
"This is my very first course on Cousera and it's really a brilliant one. Thank you Dr. Charles, Univ. of Michigan and Coursera! I will continue my study in Python here."
"Very clear lectures, with nice slides. It takes a while, but this course definitely makes sure that you learn the important aspects of Python! It has helped me a lot :)"
"It is an awesome course for anyone who want to start programming, i really recommend this course for everyone and i think it will be a great start especially for j kids "
"Best course I have ever participated, online and real life.I got  to a point where I actually believed, Python is not for everybody... you made me eat my hat.Thank You!"
I enjoyed this Python course a lot. I am very grateful to Dr Charles Severance for making this wonderful and engaging course. I wish his hope is realized in this life. 
Prof Charles is such a wonderful and a cool mentor. It was fun to learn with him. Never felt like it was a virtual class. I really enjoyed the Harry Potter references.
"The best course in Python in explaining and teaching , it is not like youtube's video it is better than it .Thank you very much and I will complete this specialization"
"This course was a very fun course. Even though I have a background in programming as I know C++, this course had my attention due to the way of teaching by Mr.Charles."
"I have found it is easy to learn with the Instructor. He have the great Knowledge to share and also the environment is quite nice to study as they did it in a fun way,"
The learning process was very good.I found out very helpful through this course and first of all I would thank to the mentor who has thought us so well in an easy way.
super  and amazing performance by chuck servance sir i am glad to have such a good sir and videos are realistic  and very helpful for my future thank you l4g solutions
i learned a lot by this course every time i used to think about my assignment it helped me lot to improve my skills also i am improved little more lot to improve again 
"First of all thank you so much sir , you,  are amazing and very funny teacher and i am very happy learning this course, Course is very nice esay to understand everyone"
"Great intro class, you could finish it in a Saturday if spend the day on it.  Knowing 0 python, great for learning syntax that isn't explicit just copying code online."
The course is pretty useful at the beginning. What I love the most in this course that it gives me a solid foundation of hardware understanding. I did really enjoy it. 
"it's my first online course. It's a powerful strument to learn. Chuck is great (magician), he uses a sort of game and joke to teach easily the basic of python. Thanks!"
"I love the pace of the course. Professor Chunk not only teach me how to write in python ,but also how to think like computer. It makes me learn the python more deeply."
Well designed. The easy does it approach is very effective to focus on how the language works. With this method it is easier to learn Python than Ruby. I recommend it.
This course was very helpful for strong basics. for me...I think this course  would be suitable for a person who does not have any basic idea on programming languages 
Cảm ơn thầy rất nhiều. Những kiến thức không lạ đối với mình nhưng qua thầy mình đã hiểu được  sâu hơn bản chất của các từ. Mình đang rất trông chờ được học khóa sau.
"This course is the best course i ever had.But wait what about that counting characters in a string problem. But okay, i will try it by my own.  Thanks for the course."
I would like to thank Dr. Charles for explaining it in easiest way possible and Coursera for for giving me opportunity to learn which i was dreaming from a long time.
The instructor was really great! He made the students look at the course in a way no one would do it. This course is now surely pushing me to learn more about Python.
It is a very good start for beginners who don't know anything about Python and after completing this course I will definitely guarantee that he/she will be so amazed.   
This course is great for beginners. It surveys basic concepts at a speed that is easy to take in. Make sure to do the reading. It's just as important as the lectures.
Here I give Professor Severance my sincere gratitude.  I really like this course and I learned a lot from it.  And I just started a new course Python Data Structures!
I really great course. I really like it. I found a lot interesting stuff from this course. And I am able to understand the basic programming. Thanks  a lot  Dr. Chuck
Hi  this is Gaurav Agwan from INDIA . and as per i think this course is really good for the sake of clearing the basic concept .....I am so happy after getting pass. 
It is a very good option to start with this. I learnt very much about this and thank you coursera for providing hands on experience like providing a lab experience .
  I highly recommend this course because it is interactive and easy to follow. It is very well organized and the professor makes the learning process fun and engaging.  
It was amazing to complete this course. The instructor of this course is way too amazing and I enjoyed learning from him. Hope to attend the next course of him soon.
Instructor is awesome & i really enjoyed and learn the basics as a naive to programming i struggled a little bit in the last week of assignment however i got cleared
"One of the best courses to start off with Python! Hats off to Charles, one of the best course instructors who made it all simple and fun to learn! Recommend 100/100."
I love the way how Mr.Severus teach. And I also like the name Severus because I am a fan of Harry Potter. Really loved the course. Thank you so much for this course.
"Wow, The Instructor of the course is Amazing!

I loved the Course Contents, His Teaching Style and many more.

I learned a lot from this course. 

Thanks to Coursera
        "
this Cours  is the first step to learn Python programming .. great Teacher and learning methods thanks for for Team's efforts and i hope to continue the higher level 
I really don't know about python before take this lesson. learned a basic knowledge of Python.  I would like to say thank you to the professor who gave this lecture.  
"Dr. Chuck has explained python in a very simple way to learn and pratice. Thanks Dr. Chuck for unmass, organize a way to teache python ina such easy way of learning."
It is really a good start for student who are not major in computer science. And Dr. Chuck is really a good teacher. He makes the video clear and easy to understand.
"I really enjoyed the course,although I already know how to code in Python but I just wanted to brush up my basics and its a great course.Thank you so much Dr.Chuck."
"Wow! I can't explain his teaching. You just have to experience his classes. In my opinion, he is one of the best professors, who cares about each and every student.  "
It was good for me. I found it friendly. I had a little programming background. But I think the new folks to programming will find it easy too. I'll recommend it :D
This course taught me soo many things about programming in python and I learnt most of the basics in python and I would love to continue to learn more about python.
"I am a very beginner of Python. the course is very clear and fundamental. if you know nothing about computer and Python, it is a valuable and helpful course for you"
"I got in love with this teacher. He explains everything slowly and clearly, even though i'm not a native english speaker it was pretty easy to unterstand all of it.  "
it was a very nice experience though i did not know that much of the programming at the start i still get all concept cleared and the learning experience was great.
Thank you Professor Severance. I've been wanting to get started with learning to program for a while and this was perfect for me. I look forward to the rest of PY4E
"I never see a course like this !! very easy to understand ,fun to watch and give you what you need to start in Python ,even if you have no past experience like me !"
It is one of the best courses for beginners to learn and start using Python in a practical way. Dr. Chuck is very clear in his work and concepts are well explained.
"This course is very easy to understand. In the midst of a pandemic like this, it is very easy for us to learn programming. Taught by tutors who are very easy going"
"Dr. Chuck is a really good professor, it was easy to get a grasp on the fundamentals of python and programming as a whole and the course was helpful and intuitive."
"This course has very easy to follow lessons with a great teacher. Chuck has done a great job with this course, and some of the bonus videos with him are very cool."
"If you are completely new to programming, you'll do fine.  For those more advanced in programming, this is a slow moving, but you get to start with an easy course."
"This was a good course ,  specially the course coordinator was too good , i loved this course so much .I also enjoyed the quiz part of each chapter.Thanks for this "
"It is a good course for people who without the skill of coding, and the professor of the course can convey knowledge very clearly. In general, it is a good course!"
"The amazing spirit of teaching, I am also a teacher in college so taking back enthusiasm with me to my class. Looking forward to taking more courses from Dr. Chuck "
Great class to learn basics and getting started on python excited for part 2!! If want to learn python and are a beginner this Is definitely the class I recommend! 
"A great introduction to the world of Python. Even if you have NO idea what programming is, after this class, you'll be on a good point to start a whole new future."
I am programming after 10 years and i found that this course is paced very well and taught in a very fun and easy to learn manner. Dr Chuck is absolutely fabulous!  
"I am quite pleasure to be one of the students in this course and I really admire the professor in this class, which had a strong inspiration on me to learn Python."
"It was really a very useful session, To become a good programmer basics should be strong and  this course helped me to know the basics.Looking forward for the next "
Awesome class for the people who has no experience in any programming.The class is easy and clear. It will help you step by step. Definitely recommend to everyone!     
Thanks to dr chuck he is a great teacher the way he teaches is awesome as i am a beginner i enjoyed every bit he taught us. You have my respect and gratitude sir.
very much nice and worthy course to complete in a very short span of time and intresting to get to the basics of python which are generally being  ignored a while
"No one can teach better than Chuck sir, he is just the best. Best place to introduce oneself to the world of programming and again Chuck Sir makes it easy for you"
This course is encourage me to go on more with it :) simple explanation and interactive videos  made it interesting  :) i would like to explore further on this :)
Great way to start Python. And moreover Dr Chuck has made it very interesting for all of us. I am doing it with my 13 year old son. So its a father son project::)
The course did not overload me with required tools or software that I needed in order to learn this course which has allowed me to focus more on how Python works.
Excellent Python Primer. As a C / C++ programmer i am new to python. I found the materials an easy way to get up to speed with the syntax of python. Go Dr. Chuck!
"Basics are perfect. Started off very well. By the time the last chapter had come, I feel that too much was spread into the last chapter. It could be split into 2."
"Thank you very much Dr. Chuck, you was very clear in your explanations.
I enjoyed a lot this new skills I have acquired and I hope to use it's in my future jobs."
"I was a little bit late to start doing assignments, but now I've  even caught up with the course!I like the way how Mr. Charles  teaches and explains the things!"
It is a very good course for people who just want ot start code as it is very simple to understand and a kind of  simple when compared to other coursers online.
Great!!! I've tried to learn Python several times and this is the first time that I feel I can really do this. I really enjoyed this class. Thank you Dr. Chuck.
"It was really great, I knew nothing about programming and I did not find it as hard as I thought it would be. The explanations are simple and easy to understand"
One of the best tutor I have ever met and also I enjoyed a lot and learned a lot. Being a professor by profession I must say I also enjoyed a lot in this course 
great course for the people who wants enter in data science field or even want to learn python this course is best Dr chuck is the best teacher i have ever seen 
Thank you a lot for such a good start with Python!More than that I am grateful for the opportunity to work on my English by watching your well prepared videos! 
"The course is too good for beginners. You do get to learn the basics of python, syntax to be used and how sequential code can be written to do meaningful tasks"
Prof Chuck is a Magician with a magic wand somewhere hidden but its obvious after having this time with him as a prof that obviously he is having a Magic Wand.
  Wonderful teaching by Dr Chuck thank you so much sir. this is best online course . i suggest you guys to this is better platform to learn python online course.
Charles - Shows the way how to teach online and how to ensure the students gets what is needed. I highly recommend this and would give 10 star! if they have :) 
"A good pace for someone like myself who had not ""programmed"" since learning PASCAL back in 1983.  I look forward to taking the entire series of Python classes.  "
"Awesome course, I've been trying to learn Python for a very long time, and now that I finally got the time. I'm so glad that I found this class, it's perfect!"
i got a knowledge about Python so this is very useful for me i give to thanks to mr Charles Russell Severance who give me a lot of knowledge about the python.
This course is a very interactive and is easy to follow along at your own pace. I've learned more than I have from an intro to comp sci course at a university
"  Professor Charles is an excellent teacher, I feel very connected even though I am doing this course online. I will try to complete the rest of the series too.  "
"Great Start for people who have never coded - if you know another language, this will only take you a day to go through and provides you with a nice framework"
"This material is great!  Very well put together, going at a good pace but not to fast for me to digest.  Really one of the best coding courses I've ever taken"
"this the the most easy and understandable python course I have ever come across I was a complete noob until I found this course, I learned a lot about python  "
This course is really amazing and it really helped me so much to improve my basics in programming. I am very glad to have this kind of course and mentor too.
Such an amazing course. I learned a lot from this course. I'll recommend this course to my friends and Ill learn as many courses as I can and gain knowledge. 
"This course has certainly introduced me to the world of programming, I certainly did not think it would be this easy to grasp, in such a short space of time. "
I am glad I was able to complete it. But I think if I had read the book Programming for Everybody together with the course would be easier for me to follow.
"Such a great course, right from the basics. I'd done a bit of C earlier, so I found it a bit easier, but they way Dr. Charles taught was absolutely awesome. "
You did a fantastic job! Programming is not new to me but Python is so I decided to start from scratch with your class. You made it fun and love your style!
The course is nice but I felt the content can be improved to next level. Its was too basics and it would be nice if you add some additional advance concept.
I extremely enjoyed this course. Its very well explained and although I'm in the field of CS. I feel anyone who is new to coding can learn from this course. 
 Thank you for this course. I gain experience and knowledge in python tools which are useful and effective. I'll use this in my project. And lots of thanks.  
"A great foundation course to get your started on Python.  For me, it was a good refresher on programming from the days I was coding more than 20 years ago."
"That's a great warm up for the advance python programming, it can indubitably make you hero from zero even if you just devote 1 hour a day for just 10 days"
  Dr. Chuck is very good at teaching this class! His dedication to this course makes students know more about the essence of Python! Go Dr. Chuck! Go Python!  
It`s a great course with a very good teacher. I used to hate programming and he made it seem so much more interesting and easy at the same time. Thank you
That was so great and I've learned many things in this course and the instructor was very kink and helpful for me I can't wait i will  join the next part.
"Very good course, I have only dabbled in trying to code but this gave me a great foundation to start at, can't wait to keep on going, thank you professor! "
"Being a computer scientist, this course enables me to discover Python from scratch and I love it. I enjoy it and I hope I will use it in a future project."
A bit slow if you already know other languages but the teacher is nice and I guess that for people who have no idea about programming it is a good lecture
"it is a wonderful platform to learn Python , and i really enjoyed it , they taught in a clear and detailed way so that it helped me to understand quickly "
Am really so happy to clim this certificate i will continue this until the end thanks for every body who work in this course to make it perfect like this  
Its really a matter of joy for been a long time being a student of mr.Chuck. Learnt a lot a about Python Basics. Hope it will be helpful in the long run.
"Dr Chuck is by far one of the greatest lecturers I have ever met. Thanks to him, I had fun learning about Python and would recommend it to any beginner. "
The course is a great start to Python. It is suitable for anyone who have no experience to coding. I spent the half day to finish it and so far so good.
"4 stars for:If you are a complete beginner in Programming ,this is really a good point to start 1 star for : the presentation, out of the box knowledge  "
"I loved it, i passed college with the stigma of thinking i was bad at coding but this made me think is just a matter of patience and willing to learn."
thank you so much! it is my first time to try the programming and I could continue to learn it because you give a very easy understanding way to teach 
"This is really great course for learning a new language, I use SAS, and R a lot in the past, but I realize that a lot of companies has move to Python."
"Great class, I really enjoyed it. Thank you for taking the time to make such a good program for everyone to use. I cant wait to start the next course. "
"I am 14 years old, and I think this course (in my opinion) was a little bit hard for me or my age, but I kinda liked that it was a challenging course"
Great class but I had a lot of trouble on the last assignment.  I still do not understand why it did not work. I followed what was done in the class. 
"I am glad to take part in this course, it teaches me a lot of knowledge about python. please don't give up even it is a little hard at the beginning."
  Dr. Chuck is so interesting. You can pass the course from 3  to 5 days even without programming knowledge. It's a good starting point for beginners.  
   I have loved the learning I have been able to do and look forward to taking many more classes with them.I enjoy my current experience with Coursera.   
This is a great course.  SO glad it was recently updated for Python 3.  I really didn't want to start learning an old version of Python.  Thank you!
This is a course with which I had a good deal of knowledge and thus paving me the way to the vast and enriching world of coding. I enjoyed it a lot!
This class was a great intro and helped me to start to get the hang of coding again.  It's been a while but I'm glad to be challenging myself again
As a newcomer you can learn much about the terminology which will lead to you knowing what questions to ask. I recommend taking all the courses.     
"  I love this course a lot, thank you very much for explaining the content in layman's terms.This will help me a lot in future, thank you again.  "
"I like the course very much . Thank you Dr.Chuck ! I got my lost passion on programming . Now , I think I could create the world , again !"
"Sir,          I thank for giving me an opportunity to learn Python. It was wonderful experience in learning Python. Thank you once again."
Simple to understand and helps student to learn programming from scratch with simplest examples                                                                                              
The best online course I have taken so far. Charles Sir used a very simple way to convey his knowledge with his best efforts. You will learn every python basics. The topic I liked most is except and try and Functions. I am grateful to Coursera for providing such a great platform for us. 
"  The Python playground is amazing, but it isn't even necessary because the instructor provides such great material for getting Python installed and running on your computer (with windows, mac, and linux instructions), even a complete beginner would be able to follow the instructions and make a functioning script in no time. But the playground is just a lot of fun to play with, and makes tinkering as a beginner super easy.I spent one whole day and finished the entire Getting Started with Python course (auditing, quizzes), and learned more than I learned in the first 4 weeks of a 6 week paid course. Dr. Chuck is GOOD at what he does. He presents material in a very down-to-earth manner in clear, plain language that's technical, but not over my head. I have very little experience with programming, and know the basics of computers and computing, but even the introduction to hardware architecture was fascinating and I learned more about hardware than I expected. I felt a lot more prepared to dive into programming after that lecture.The amazing thing is that so much is crammed into such short lectures, and yet the material is still accessible.  "
"  I haven't had a lot of other online courses, but this one seems to be a very good introduction to learning a new programming language. It's mostly for beginners who are new to programming in general. That's why I had to speed up the playback, because I've been doing development in other languages for quite a long time by now. And that's convenient, the fact that you can turn on captions for the video you're watching or see subtitles below is very nice. Also, excercises are probably the most important part. I liked the way they were organised.Thank you Dr Chuck and many thanks to the Coursera Team  "
"  This course is an excellent introduction to the Python programming language. Not only is this an introductory course, but it teaches you almost all the basics that will help you start with simple programming problems with Python. The instructor really understands the way how students should be introduced to new concepts of Python. I loved going through this course and learning Python. With all the practice assignments and quizzes, I felt very comfortable because I understood what I learnt.  "
"This course is really perfect and I enjoyed learning everything! I plan on continuing with further courses to expand my knowledge regarding Python. The explanation part was spot on, helping me understand everything and I love how the assignments had me thinking having me apply the knowledge I gained from the prior videos. The discussion forums were quiet useful and good too."
Wow ! Im so happy I completed the last quiz by iterating samples and improving my errors. But I know this is just a start of a new beginning in understanding in depth the concept and applications of Data Structures. Im so excited to take on the next course in Data Structure. Thanks Prof Charles !!!
"Just amazing start with Python! Learnt not just the syntax and semantics of language but the very essence of why we code and how it should start.  Looking forward to next courses and understand more concepts.Thanks a lot Team at University of Michigan, Coursera and the very special Dr. Chuk!"
I genuinely appreciate how this course was taught to the students. I had zero experience in programming before I took this course and I am really glad that I learned so much after completing it. Professor Charles Severance is a very effective instructor. I recommend this course!
The best course in programming for beginners. Professor Chuck has such an amazing skills of narration and providing lucid explanations. His style of teaching makes programming so easy for everyone (even for those who are not having any prior coding experience). 
sir truely speaking to get  started with any programming language this is a must go course for all as it not just explain about the programming but also encourage us that why we need to do programming I enjoyed alot and going for further course thank you
"As a complete beginner to programming , this course serves as an excellent introduction to Python. The pace, content, length of videos, assignment are just right. Dr Charles made the whole learning experience even more fun and engaging. "
"A well-structured course, especially from a beginner's perspective, all ideas were presented in easy to understand manner and the instructor nailed it. I would say that he totally is the best instructor, I learnt from, already."
Before this course I had zero Knowledge in python language. Now grows in me a will to pursuit this specialization to the end and learn more and more about phyton programing. A big thanks to all providing us this oportunitie!
"This is very much informative. And the way of Sir's  teaching is very comfortable , understandable as well as appreciable. I wish i could meet Mr. Severance in person. He is very wise man. Loads of things to learn ..."
Excellent course! I tried learning Python from manuals at my own page but the books never quite explained it so I could understand. Taking this course held me accountable.  I highly recommend this class!
"It's really an informative course for newbies in programming not only for Python, recommended to learn the basic concepts & control flow with really challenging tasks that cover the discussed topics."
Great course and wonderful lecturer. This course has given me a lot of confidence and taught me how to concentrate. I really can start from here. I am satisfied. Looking forward to go further.Thanks
This course is beginner-friendly and what stands out is that instead of choosing conventional examples the instructor has done a good job in selecting good examples that structure this course well.
"A great introduction to Python and it's ways! Professor Severance is very engaging, knowledgeable and entertaining! I took this course to ease my way into learning some IT for my job applications. "
"in the beginning, I was little scared that I might not able to complete this course but I am very glad that I  complete it. the course had help me to clear all the basics of python programming."
Very good course. The professor is very clear and explains the concepts in a simple and complete way. I think it would be ok to add some extra examples or assignments about loops.
It was very nice course and evey python concept explained very well. This course is very helpful for python learner they don't have know from basic this course is best.thank you
"I think Mr. Severance is the best programming teacher in the world. When I started this course, I didn't know anything, but I am better than now.  Thanks to him, ı improved me. "
before starting this course i was not able to just print hello world but now I have build lot of interest in python and i want to start my career in python. thanks coursera
"Good course to start an acquaintance with Python. Charismatic teacher submit information in a sufficiently available form, without burdened with unnecessary information. In d / s, there are both online tests and solving problems for programming. The tasks could be more and more, but for the very beginning it was quite enough. Relative drawback can be attributed to the course language: knowledge of English is required at the middle level, because Russian subtitles are not available in all videos. "
